Norwood , Mass.-based Phoenix , a once-high-flying maker of software for personal computers , has had substantial losses in the past two quarters .	Norwood , Mass.-based Phoenix , a once-high-flying maker of software for personal computers , has had substantial losses in the past two quarters .	s1:15	had	s2:17	losses	IDENTITY
Norwood Partners Limited Partnership of Boston said it may make a tender offer for some or all of Phoenix Technologies Ltd. 's common shares .	Norwood , Mass.-based Phoenix , a once-high-flying maker of software for personal computers , has had substantial losses in the past two quarters .	s1:6	said	s2:15	had	AFTER
Norwood has made `` no detailed plans , '' but it has engaged in talks with other shareholders , the filing said .	Norwood has made `` no detailed plans , '' but it has engaged in talks with other shareholders , the filing said .	s1:2	made	s2:6	plans	IDENTITY
Norwood has made `` no detailed plans , '' but it has engaged in talks with other shareholders , the filing said .	Norwood has made `` no detailed plans , '' but it has engaged in talks with other shareholders , the filing said .	s1:12	engaged	s2:14	talks	IS_INCLUDED
Also involved in the group is Robert F. Angelo , formerly Phoenix 's senior vice president , field operations , who left Phoenix at the beginning of October .	Also involved in the group is Robert F. Angelo , formerly Phoenix 's senior vice president , field operations , who left Phoenix at the beginning of October .	s1:1	involved	s2:21	left	AFTER
Norwood is controlled by Daniel L. Barnett and Paul A. Reese , both officers of Boston-based Oasis Capital Management Inc. , a small Boston money management firm .	Also involved in the group is Robert F. Angelo , formerly Phoenix 's senior vice president , field operations , who left Phoenix at the beginning of October .	s1:2	controlled	s2:1	involved	SIMULTANEOUS
The split was aimed at boosting the stock 's liquidity , said Brendan Barba , chairman of the Moonachie , N.J. , maker of plastic film products .	After the split , the company will have more than 4.7 million shares outstanding .	s1:1	split	s2:2	split	IDENTITY
The split was aimed at boosting the stock 's liquidity , said Brendan Barba , chairman of the Moonachie , N.J. , maker of plastic film products .	The split was aimed at boosting the stock 's liquidity , said Brendan Barba , chairman of the Moonachie , N.J. , maker of plastic film products .	s1:1	split	s2:3	aimed	IS_INCLUDED
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , AEP shares closed at $ 21.25 , down 50 cents .	In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , AEP shares closed at $ 21.25 , down 50 cents .	s1:3	trading	s2:8	closed	ENDED_BY
said it 's continuing talks with potential buyers of certain units , but has reached no agreement on any deals .	Di Giorgio , a food wholesaler and building products maker , is seeking alternatives to an unsolicited $ 32-a-share tender offer of DIG Acquisition Corp. , a unit of Rose Partners Limited Partnership .	s1:3	continuing	s2:12	seeking	SIMULTANEOUS
Di Giorgio , a food wholesaler and building products maker , is seeking alternatives to an unsolicited $ 32-a-share tender offer of DIG Acquisition Corp. , a unit of Rose Partners Limited Partnership .	Di Giorgio , a food wholesaler and building products maker , is seeking alternatives to an unsolicited $ 32-a-share tender offer of DIG Acquisition Corp. , a unit of Rose Partners Limited Partnership .	s1:12	seeking	s2:20	offer	AFTER
Robert Mellor , Di Giorgio 's executive vice president , said the company stands to reap more money through the sale of individual units to others than by accepting DIG 's offer .	Robert Mellor , Di Giorgio 's executive vice president , said the company stands to reap more money through the sale of individual units to others than by accepting DIG 's offer .	s1:15	reap	s2:20	sale	AFTER
Robert Mellor , Di Giorgio 's executive vice president , said the company stands to reap more money through the sale of individual units to others than by accepting DIG 's offer .	Robert Mellor , Di Giorgio 's executive vice president , said the company stands to reap more money through the sale of individual units to others than by accepting DIG 's offer .	s1:15	reap	s2:28	accepting	AFTER
said it sold 750,000 shares of its common stock to the McAlpine family interests , for $ 1 million , or $ 1.35 a share .	The sale represents 10.2 % of Meridian 's shares outstanding .	s1:2	sold	s2:1	sale	IDENTITY
The sale represents 10.2 % of Meridian 's shares outstanding .	The sale represents 10.2 % of Meridian 's shares outstanding .	s1:1	sale	s2:2	represents	IDENTITY
said it sold 750,000 shares of its common stock to the McAlpine family interests , for $ 1 million , or $ 1.35 a share .	The McAlpine family , which operates a number of multinational companies , including a London-based engineering and construction company , also lent to Meridian National $ 500,000 .	s1:2	sold	s2:21	lent	SIMULTANEOUS
The McAlpine family , which operates a number of multinational companies , including a London-based engineering and construction company , also lent to Meridian National $ 500,000 .	That amount is convertible into shares of Meridian common stock at $ 2 a share during its one-year term .	s1:21	lent	s2:3	convertible	IDENTITY
Ratners Group PLC , a fast-growing , acquisition-minded London-based jeweler , raised its price for Seattle-based specialty jeweler Weisfield 's Inc. to $ 57.50 a share , or $ 62.1 million , from $ 50 a share , or $ 55 million , after another concern said it would be prepared to outbid Ratners 's initial offer .	Ratners 's chairman , Gerald Ratner , said the deal remains of `` substantial benefit to Ratners . ''	s1:11	raised	s2:7	said	IBEFORE
The sweetened offer has acceptances from more than 50 % of Weisfield 's shareholders , and it is scheduled for completion by Dec. 10 .	The acquisition of 87-store Weisfield 's raises Ratners 's U.S. presence to 450 stores .	s1:2	offer	s2:1	acquisition	IDENTITY
The acquisition of 87-store Weisfield 's raises Ratners 's U.S. presence to 450 stores .	The acquisition of 87-store Weisfield 's raises Ratners 's U.S. presence to 450 stores .	s1:1	acquisition	s2:6	raises	IBEFORE
People have predicted his demise so many times , and the US has tried to hasten it on several occasions .	Time and again , he endures .	s1:2	predicted	s2:5	endures	IS_INCLUDED
People have predicted his demise so many times , and the US has tried to hasten it on several occasions .	Time and again , he endures .	s1:13	tried	s2:5	endures	IS_INCLUDED
Time and again , he endures .	He has outlasted and sometimes outsmarted eight American presidents .	s1:5	endures	s2:2	outlasted	INCLUDES
Time and again , he endures .	He has outlasted and sometimes outsmarted eight American presidents .	s1:5	endures	s2:5	outsmarted	INCLUDES
The main positive for Castro to invite the Pope is international , to be able to say to the rest of the world , this government is not as closed , as intolerant , uh as totalitarian as some make it out to be .	One of the scenarios widely advanced before the visit is that through the Pope , Cuba , still led by Castro , can begin a more productive relationship with the world .	s1:6	invite	s2:8	visit	BEFORE
Fidel Castro invited John Paul to come for a reason .	One of the scenarios widely advanced before the visit is that through the Pope , Cuba , still led by Castro , can begin a more productive relationship with the world .	s1:6	come	s2:8	visit	IS_INCLUDED
One of the scenarios widely advanced before the visit is that through the Pope , Cuba , still led by Castro , can begin a more productive relationship with the world .	Those observers looking for a battle between uncompromising representatives and very different ideologies will , in all likelihood , be disappointed .	s1:8	visit	s2:2	looking	AFTER
Those observers looking for a battle between uncompromising representatives and very different ideologies will , in all likelihood , be disappointed .	Those observers looking for a battle between uncompromising representatives and very different ideologies will , in all likelihood , be disappointed .	s1:2	looking	s2:20	disappointed	BEFORE
The main negative is the risk that the Pope 's visit will persuade a great many more Cubans to break loose of the Cuban government .	If so , then the Pope 's visit would really open up a new chapter in the government 's relations with its own society .	s1:19	break	s2:10	open	BEFORE
If so , then the Pope 's visit would really open up a new chapter in the government 's relations with its own society .	If so , then the Pope 's visit would really open up a new chapter in the government 's relations with its own society .	s1:7	visit	s2:10	open	BEFORE
Trustcorp Inc. will become Society Bank amp Trust when its merger is completed with Society Corp. of Cleveland , the bank said .	Trustcorp Inc. will become Society Bank amp Trust when its merger is completed with Society Corp. of Cleveland , the bank said .	s1:3	become	s2:12	completed	AFTER
Society Corp. , which is also a bank , agreed in June to buy Trustcorp for 12.4 million shares of stock with a market value of about $ 450 million .	The transaction is expected to close around year end .	s1:13	buy	s2:1	transaction	IS_INCLUDED
Trustcorp Inc. will become Society Bank amp Trust when its merger is completed with Society Corp. of Cleveland , the bank said .	The transaction is expected to close around year end .	s1:10	merger	s2:1	transaction	INCLUDES
CAGUAS , Puerto Rico -LRB- AP -RRB- _ Kidnappers kept their promise to kill a store owner they took hostage and police found the man 's dismembered and decapitated body Friday wrapped in plastic garbage bags .	Police confirmed Friday that the body found along a highway in this municipality 15 miles south of San Juan belonged to Jorge Hernandez , 49 .	s1:22	found	s2:6	found	IDENTITY
While some Latin American countries such as Mexico and Colombia have suffered from a rash of kidnappings in recent years , the crime has not been common in this U.S. commonwealth .	While some Latin American countries such as Mexico and Colombia have suffered from a rash of kidnappings in recent years , the crime has not been common in this U.S. commonwealth .	s1:11	suffered	s2:16	kidnappings	INCLUDES
London share prices closed sharply lower Friday in active trading after Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson 's resignation slapped the market and Wall Street 's rapid initial sell-off knocked it down .	London share prices closed sharply lower Friday in active trading after Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson 's resignation slapped the market and Wall Street 's rapid initial sell-off knocked it down .	s1:18	resignation	s2:19	slapped	IDENTITY
London share prices closed sharply lower Friday in active trading after Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson 's resignation slapped the market and Wall Street 's rapid initial sell-off knocked it down .	Traders said the continued turbulence in other markets , coupled with the drop in London following the Lawson resignation , were responsible .	s1:18	resignation	s2:18	resignation	IDENTITY
London shares were depressed initially by overnight losses in New York and by the drop in sterling after Mr. Lawson 's resignation .	London shares were depressed initially by overnight losses in New York and by the drop in sterling after Mr. Lawson 's resignation .	s1:3	depressed	s2:7	losses	AFTER
London shares were depressed initially by overnight losses in New York and by the drop in sterling after Mr. Lawson 's resignation .	London shares were depressed initially by overnight losses in New York and by the drop in sterling after Mr. Lawson 's resignation .	s1:3	depressed	s2:14	drop	AFTER
London shares were depressed initially by overnight losses in New York and by the drop in sterling after Mr. Lawson 's resignation .	London shares were depressed initially by overnight losses in New York and by the drop in sterling after Mr. Lawson 's resignation .	s1:7	losses	s2:14	drop	AFTER
London shares were depressed initially by overnight losses in New York and by the drop in sterling after Mr. Lawson 's resignation .	London shares were depressed initially by overnight losses in New York and by the drop in sterling after Mr. Lawson 's resignation .	s1:14	drop	s2:21	resignation	AFTER
The Financial Times 100-share index shed 47.3 points to close at 2082.1 , down 4.5 % from the previous Friday and 6.8 % from Oct. 13 , when Wall Street 's plunge helped spark the current weakness in London .	The Financial Times 100-share index shed 47.3 points to close at 2082.1 , down 4.5 % from the previous Friday and 6.8 % from Oct. 13 , when Wall Street 's plunge helped spark the current weakness in London .	s1:5	shed	s2:9	close	ENDED_BY
Dealers said the turnover , largely confined to the 100-share index stocks , partly reflected the flurry of activity typical at the close of a two-week trading account and the start of a new account .	Dealers said the turnover , largely confined to the 100-share index stocks , partly reflected the flurry of activity typical at the close of a two-week trading account and the start of a new account .	s1:16	flurry	s2:22	close	IS_INCLUDED
Dealers said the turnover , largely confined to the 100-share index stocks , partly reflected the flurry of activity typical at the close of a two-week trading account and the start of a new account .	Dealers said the turnover , largely confined to the 100-share index stocks , partly reflected the flurry of activity typical at the close of a two-week trading account and the start of a new account .	s1:16	flurry	s2:30	start	IS_INCLUDED
British Gas shed 8.5 pence a share to close at 185 pence -LRB- $ 2.90 -RRB- .	British Gas shed 8.5 pence a share to close at 185 pence -LRB- $ 2.90 -RRB- .	s1:2	shed	s2:8	close	ENDED_BY
The Nikkei index was pressured down by profit-taking triggered by sharp advances made through this week and fell 151.20 points to 35527.29 .	The Nikkei index was pressured down by profit-taking triggered by sharp advances made through this week and fell 151.20 points to 35527.29 .	s1:7	profit-taking	s2:11	advances	AFTER
The Nikkei index was pressured down by profit-taking triggered by sharp advances made through this week and fell 151.20 points to 35527.29 .	The Nikkei index was pressured down by profit-taking triggered by sharp advances made through this week and fell 151.20 points to 35527.29 .	s1:8	triggered	s2:11	advances	IDENTITY
But they failed to sell these stocks to client investors , who were cautious about the sharp gains these issues made this week , the Wako official said .	But they failed to sell these stocks to client investors , who were cautious about the sharp gains these issues made this week , the Wako official said .	s1:2	failed	s2:13	cautious	IS_INCLUDED
But they failed to sell these stocks to client investors , who were cautious about the sharp gains these issues made this week , the Wako official said .	But they failed to sell these stocks to client investors , who were cautious about the sharp gains these issues made this week , the Wako official said .	s1:13	cautious	s2:17	gains	AFTER
The DAX dropped 19.69 points Friday to 1462.93 .	Traders said the continued turbulence in other markets , coupled with the drop in London following the Lawson resignation , were responsible .	s1:2	dropped	s2:12	drop	AFTER
Traders said the continued turbulence in other markets , coupled with the drop in London following the Lawson resignation , were responsible .	Traders said the continued turbulence in other markets , coupled with the drop in London following the Lawson resignation , were responsible .	s1:12	drop	s2:18	resignation	AFTER
Frankfurt prices closed lower again Friday , the fourth decline in the past five days and the culmination of a week that saw the DAX index lose 4 % .	Elsewhere , share prices closed lower in Paris , Zurich , Amsterdam , Brussels and Stockholm , and were mixed in Milan .	s1:2	closed	s2:4	closed	SIMULTANEOUS
Elsewhere , share prices closed lower in Paris , Zurich , Amsterdam , Brussels and Stockholm , and were mixed in Milan .	Elsewhere , share prices closed lower in Paris , Zurich , Amsterdam , Brussels and Stockholm , and were mixed in Milan .	s1:4	closed	s2:19	mixed	ENDED_BY
completed its $ 3 billion acquisition of American Medical International Inc. , purchasing 63 million shares , or 86 % , of the Los Angeles-based health-care services concern for $ 26.50 a share .	The completion of the merger agreement follows months of twists and turns .	s1:0	completed	s2:1	completion	IDENTITY
In January , American Medical brought in a new chief executive officer , Richard A. Gilleland , 45 , who will remain as chairman , president and chief executive .	In January , American Medical brought in a new chief executive officer , Richard A. Gilleland , 45 , who will remain as chairman , president and chief executive .	s1:5	brought	s2:21	remain	BEGINS
In January , American Medical brought in a new chief executive officer , Richard A. Gilleland , 45 , who will remain as chairman , president and chief executive .	A few days later , American Medical announced sharply lower earnings , taking charges of $ 24 million for insurance reserves and canceled real estate leases .	s1:5	brought	s2:7	announced	BEFORE
In March , American Medical received a $ 24-a-share offer to take the company private from an investor group including large holder M. Lee Pearce .	It also was considering a restructuring to help boost the stock price .	s1:5	received	s2:3	considering	SIMULTANEOUS
In March , American Medical received a $ 24-a-share offer to take the company private from an investor group including large holder M. Lee Pearce .	In March , American Medical received a $ 24-a-share offer to take the company private from an investor group including large holder M. Lee Pearce .	s1:5	received	s2:9	offer	SIMULTANEOUS
In March , American Medical received a $ 24-a-share offer to take the company private from an investor group including large holder M. Lee Pearce .	The following month , the company put itself up for sale .	s1:5	received	s2:6	put	BEFORE
It received more offers , but the auction was surprisingly won by IMA , which bid $ 28 a share and asked Mr. Gilleland to stay on as an equity participant .	It received more offers , but the auction was surprisingly won by IMA , which bid $ 28 a share and asked Mr. Gilleland to stay on as an equity participant .	s1:1	received	s2:3	offers	SIMULTANEOUS
It received more offers , but the auction was surprisingly won by IMA , which bid $ 28 a share and asked Mr. Gilleland to stay on as an equity participant .	It received more offers , but the auction was surprisingly won by IMA , which bid $ 28 a share and asked Mr. Gilleland to stay on as an equity participant .	s1:1	received	s2:10	won	SIMULTANEOUS
The following month , the company put itself up for sale .	It received more offers , but the auction was surprisingly won by IMA , which bid $ 28 a share and asked Mr. Gilleland to stay on as an equity participant .	s1:6	put	s2:1	received	BEFORE
Then , after extending its offer four times waiting for a congressional tax ruling , IMA early this month lowered its offer to $ 26.50 a share amid turbulence in the junk bond market .	Then , after extending its offer four times waiting for a congressional tax ruling , IMA early this month lowered its offer to $ 26.50 a share amid turbulence in the junk bond market .	s1:3	extending	s2:19	lowered	BEFORE
Dime Savings Bank of New York was cleared by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. to acquire Starpointe Savings Bank of Somerset , N.J. , the banks said .	The FDIC cleared the move yesterday , and the banks must wait at least 30 days before closing the purchase .	s1:7	cleared	s2:2	cleared	IDENTITY
The FDIC cleared the move yesterday , and the banks must wait at least 30 days before closing the purchase .	The FDIC cleared the move yesterday , and the banks must wait at least 30 days before closing the purchase .	s1:11	wait	s2:17	closing	ENDED_BY
Starpointe holders , who approved the plan last April , will receive $ 21 in cash a share , or a total $ 63 million .	The thrifts agreed to the transaction in August 1988 .	s1:4	approved	s2:2	agreed	IS_INCLUDED
wants to buy as much as 15 % of Jaguar PLC , marking its first salvo in a possible full-scale battle against Ford Motor Co. for control of the British car maker .	wants to buy as much as 15 % of Jaguar PLC , marking its first salvo in a possible full-scale battle against Ford Motor Co. for control of the British car maker .	s1:0	wants	s2:12	marking	SIMULTANEOUS
wants to buy as much as 15 % of Jaguar PLC , marking its first salvo in a possible full-scale battle against Ford Motor Co. for control of the British car maker .	The GM move follows Tuesday 's declaration by Ford , which holds an unwelcome 12.45 % stake in Jaguar , that it is prepared to bid for the entire company .	s1:0	wants	s2:2	move	IS_INCLUDED
The GM move follows Tuesday 's declaration by Ford , which holds an unwelcome 12.45 % stake in Jaguar , that it is prepared to bid for the entire company .	The GM move follows Tuesday 's declaration by Ford , which holds an unwelcome 12.45 % stake in Jaguar , that it is prepared to bid for the entire company .	s1:2	move	s2:6	declaration	AFTER
Speculative investors , betting on an imminent clash between Ford and GM , pushed up Jaguar 's share price five pence -LRB- eight U.S. cents -RRB- to a near-record 720 pence -LRB- $ 11.60 -RRB- in late trading on London 's stock exchange yesterday .	Speculative investors , betting on an imminent clash between Ford and GM , pushed up Jaguar 's share price five pence -LRB- eight U.S. cents -RRB- to a near-record 720 pence -LRB- $ 11.60 -RRB- in late trading on London 's stock exchange yesterday .	s1:13	pushed	s2:37	trading	IS_INCLUDED
As Jaguar 's biggest holder and Britain 's biggest car maker , Ford could turn up the heat by convening a special shareholders ' meeting and urging holders to drop the limits early .	As Jaguar 's biggest holder and Britain 's biggest car maker , Ford could turn up the heat by convening a special shareholders ' meeting and urging holders to drop the limits early .	s1:14	turn	s2:19	convening	AFTER
As Jaguar 's biggest holder and Britain 's biggest car maker , Ford could turn up the heat by convening a special shareholders ' meeting and urging holders to drop the limits early .	As Jaguar 's biggest holder and Britain 's biggest car maker , Ford could turn up the heat by convening a special shareholders ' meeting and urging holders to drop the limits early .	s1:14	turn	s2:26	urging	AFTER
Ford might succeed because many shareholders are speculators keen for a full bid or institutional investors unhappy over Jaguar management 's handling of its current financial difficulties .	Ford might succeed because many shareholders are speculators keen for a full bid or institutional investors unhappy over Jaguar management 's handling of its current financial difficulties .	s1:2	succeed	s2:8	keen	AFTER
Ford might succeed because many shareholders are speculators keen for a full bid or institutional investors unhappy over Jaguar management 's handling of its current financial difficulties .	Ford might succeed because many shareholders are speculators keen for a full bid or institutional investors unhappy over Jaguar management 's handling of its current financial difficulties .	s1:8	keen	s2:16	unhappy	SIMULTANEOUS
It has relinquished a golden share only once before -- during British Petroleum Co. 's # 2.5 billion -LRB- $ 4 billion -RRB- takeover of Britoil PLC in 1988 .	It has relinquished a golden share only once before -- during British Petroleum Co. 's # 2.5 billion -LRB- $ 4 billion -RRB- takeover of Britoil PLC in 1988 .	s1:2	relinquished	s2:23	takeover	IS_INCLUDED
This week , the U.S. auto giant paid for 10 House of Commons members and two House of Lords members to fly to Detroit and tour its operations there .	While the visit was unrelated to Jaguar , GM Chairman Roger Smith answered the legislators ' questions about it over lunch Tuesday .	s1:21	fly	s2:2	visit	IS_INCLUDED
This week , the U.S. auto giant paid for 10 House of Commons members and two House of Lords members to fly to Detroit and tour its operations there .	While the visit was unrelated to Jaguar , GM Chairman Roger Smith answered the legislators ' questions about it over lunch Tuesday .	s1:25	tour	s2:2	visit	IS_INCLUDED
While the visit was unrelated to Jaguar , GM Chairman Roger Smith answered the legislators ' questions about it over lunch Tuesday .	While the visit was unrelated to Jaguar , GM Chairman Roger Smith answered the legislators ' questions about it over lunch Tuesday .	s1:12	answered	s2:16	questions	AFTER
While the visit was unrelated to Jaguar , GM Chairman Roger Smith answered the legislators ' questions about it over lunch Tuesday .	While the visit was unrelated to Jaguar , GM Chairman Roger Smith answered the legislators ' questions about it over lunch Tuesday .	s1:12	answered	s2:20	lunch	IS_INCLUDED
Moreover , the amended pact shows how McCaw 's persistence has pushed LIN and BellSouth into a corner , forcing huge debt on the proposed new company .	Moreover , the amended pact shows how McCaw 's persistence has pushed LIN and BellSouth into a corner , forcing huge debt on the proposed new company .	s1:11	pushed	s2:19	forcing	BEFORE
Moreover , the amended pact shows how McCaw 's persistence has pushed LIN and BellSouth into a corner , forcing huge debt on the proposed new company .	The debt , estimated at $ 4.7 billion , could mortgage the cellular company 's future earning power in order to placate some LIN holders in the short term .	s1:19	forcing	s2:10	mortgage	BEFORE
`` We 're taking on more debt than we would have liked to , '' acknowledged Michael Plouf , LIN 's vice president and treasurer .	`` We 're taking on more debt than we would have liked to , '' acknowledged Michael Plouf , LIN 's vice president and treasurer .	s1:11	liked	s2:15	acknowledged	BEFORE
`` We 're taking on more debt than we would have liked to , '' acknowledged Michael Plouf , LIN 's vice president and treasurer .	Although he expressed confidence that the proposed new company 's cash flow would be sufficient to cover interest payments on the debt , he estimated that the company would n't be profitable until 1994 or later .	s1:15	acknowledged	s2:2	expressed	SIMULTANEOUS
Under its revised proposal , Atlanta-based BellSouth would have a 50 % interest in the new cellular company and would be responsible for half of its debt .	Under its revised proposal , Atlanta-based BellSouth would have a 50 % interest in the new cellular company and would be responsible for half of its debt .	s1:3	proposal	s2:8	have	BEFORE
Under its revised proposal , Atlanta-based BellSouth would have a 50 % interest in the new cellular company and would be responsible for half of its debt .	Under its revised proposal , Atlanta-based BellSouth would have a 50 % interest in the new cellular company and would be responsible for half of its debt .	s1:3	proposal	s2:21	responsible	BEFORE
William O. McCoy , president of the company 's BellSouth Enterprises Inc. unit , said the revised agreement with LIN would dilute BellSouth earnings by about 9 % in both 1990 and 1991 and by significantly less thereafter .	William O. McCoy , president of the company 's BellSouth Enterprises Inc. unit , said the revised agreement with LIN would dilute BellSouth earnings by about 9 % in both 1990 and 1991 and by significantly less thereafter .	s1:17	agreement	s2:21	dilute	BEFORE
William O. McCoy , president of the company 's BellSouth Enterprises Inc. unit , said the revised agreement with LIN would dilute BellSouth earnings by about 9 % in both 1990 and 1991 and by significantly less thereafter .	William O. McCoy , president of the company 's BellSouth Enterprises Inc. unit , said the revised agreement with LIN would dilute BellSouth earnings by about 9 % in both 1990 and 1991 and by significantly less thereafter .	s1:14	said	s2:17	agreement	AFTER
In national over-the-counter trading , LIN shares soared $ 4.625 to closed at $ 112.625 , while McCaw fell $ 2.50 a share to $ 37.75 .	In national over-the-counter trading , LIN shares soared $ 4.625 to closed at $ 112.625 , while McCaw fell $ 2.50 a share to $ 37.75 .	s1:3	trading	s2:7	soared	INCLUDES
Extremists have bombed two predominantly pro-British Protestant towns and fired mortar shells at a police station since Sinn Fein was expelled from peace talks on Feb. 20 in punishment for two killings blamed on the Irish Republican Army .	Extremists have bombed two predominantly pro-British Protestant towns and fired mortar shells at a police station since Sinn Fein was expelled from peace talks on Feb. 20 in punishment for two killings blamed on the Irish Republican Army .	s1:20	expelled	s2:28	punishment	IDENTITY
Police found more than 1,300 pounds -LRB- 600 kgs -RRB- of fertilizer-based explosives Sunday in a shed in Dundalk , 50 miles -LRB- 80 kms -RRB- south of Belfast .	They arrested two men in connection with the bomb factory , which also contained circuitry , detonating cord and the Mitsubishi truck that would have carried the bomb .	s1:1	found	s2:1	arrested	BEFORE
Confrontations among Catholic protesters , Protestant marchers and the police have provoked widespread violence in Northern Ireland for the past three summers .	Confrontations among Catholic protesters , Protestant marchers and the police have provoked widespread violence in Northern Ireland for the past three summers .	s1:11	provoked	s2:13	violence	BEFORE
Protesters from several Catholic communities crowded into Portadown 's Catholic Garvaghy Road to hear speakers demand negotiations with Orange Order leaders , and pledge to participate in each others ' road-blocking protests this summer .	Protesters from several Catholic communities crowded into Portadown 's Catholic Garvaghy Road to hear speakers demand negotiations with Orange Order leaders , and pledge to participate in each others ' road-blocking protests this summer .	s1:13	hear	s2:15	demand	SIMULTANEOUS
Protesters from several Catholic communities crowded into Portadown 's Catholic Garvaghy Road to hear speakers demand negotiations with Orange Order leaders , and pledge to participate in each others ' road-blocking protests this summer .	Protesters from several Catholic communities crowded into Portadown 's Catholic Garvaghy Road to hear speakers demand negotiations with Orange Order leaders , and pledge to participate in each others ' road-blocking protests this summer .	s1:13	hear	s2:23	pledge	SIMULTANEOUS
Police said an unmarked police car was hit with gasoline bombs from the Protestant side .	Riot police responded with a volley of plastic bullets that scattered a 50-strong mob .	s1:7	hit	s2:2	responded	BEFORE
Police said an unmarked police car was hit with gasoline bombs from the Protestant side .	Riot police responded with a volley of plastic bullets that scattered a 50-strong mob .	s1:7	hit	s2:10	scattered	BEFORE
Some lousy earnings reports whacked the stock market , but bond prices fell only slightly and the dollar rose a little against most major currencies .	Some lousy earnings reports whacked the stock market , but bond prices fell only slightly and the dollar rose a little against most major currencies .	s1:4	whacked	s2:12	fell	BEFORE
The dollar rose modestly against the mark and the yen , but soared against the pound following the resignation of Britain 's chancellor of the Exchequer , Nigel Lawson .	The dollar rose modestly against the mark and the yen , but soared against the pound following the resignation of Britain 's chancellor of the Exchequer , Nigel Lawson .	s1:2	rose	s2:12	soared	SIMULTANEOUS
The dollar rose modestly against the mark and the yen , but soared against the pound following the resignation of Britain 's chancellor of the Exchequer , Nigel Lawson .	The dollar rose modestly against the mark and the yen , but soared against the pound following the resignation of Britain 's chancellor of the Exchequer , Nigel Lawson .	s1:12	soared	s2:18	resignation	AFTER
Analysts have complained that third-quarter corporate earnings have n't been very good , but the effect hit home particularly hard yesterday .	Compaq Computer nose-dived $ 8.625 a share , to $ 100 , and pulled other technology issues lower after reporting lower-than-expected earnings after the stock market closed Wednesday .	s1:16	hit	s2:2	nose-dived	INCLUDES
Compaq Computer nose-dived $ 8.625 a share , to $ 100 , and pulled other technology issues lower after reporting lower-than-expected earnings after the stock market closed Wednesday .	Compaq Computer nose-dived $ 8.625 a share , to $ 100 , and pulled other technology issues lower after reporting lower-than-expected earnings after the stock market closed Wednesday .	s1:2	nose-dived	s2:13	pulled	SIMULTANEOUS
Compaq Computer nose-dived $ 8.625 a share , to $ 100 , and pulled other technology issues lower after reporting lower-than-expected earnings after the stock market closed Wednesday .	Compaq Computer nose-dived $ 8.625 a share , to $ 100 , and pulled other technology issues lower after reporting lower-than-expected earnings after the stock market closed Wednesday .	s1:13	pulled	s2:19	reporting	AFTER
Later yesterday the nation 's major auto makers added to the gloom when they each reported their core auto operations were net losers in the third quarter .	Later yesterday the nation 's major auto makers added to the gloom when they each reported their core auto operations were net losers in the third quarter .	s1:8	added	s2:15	reported	AFTER
Although the government said the economy grew an estimated 2.5 % in the third quarter , in line with expectations , analysts are increasingly predicting much more sluggish growth -- and therefore more corporate earnings disappointments -- for the fourth quarter .	Although the government said the economy grew an estimated 2.5 % in the third quarter , in line with expectations , analysts are increasingly predicting much more sluggish growth -- and therefore more corporate earnings disappointments -- for the fourth quarter .	s1:28	growth	s2:35	disappointments	BEFORE
`` There are a lot more downward revisions of earnings forecasts than upward revisions , '' said Abby Joseph Cohen , a market strategist at Drexel Burnham Lambert .	`` There are a lot more downward revisions of earnings forecasts than upward revisions , '' said Abby Joseph Cohen , a market strategist at Drexel Burnham Lambert .	s1:7	revisions	s2:16	said	INCLUDES
The bond market was unmoved by the economic statistics .	While bond investors would have preferred growth to be a little slower , they were cheered by inflation measures in the data that showed prices rising at a modest annual rate of 2.9 % .	s1:4	unmoved	s2:15	cheered	SIMULTANEOUS
While bond investors would have preferred growth to be a little slower , they were cheered by inflation measures in the data that showed prices rising at a modest annual rate of 2.9 % .	While bond investors would have preferred growth to be a little slower , they were cheered by inflation measures in the data that showed prices rising at a modest annual rate of 2.9 % .	s1:5	preferred	s2:15	cheered	BEFORE
Under terms of the new proposal , Equus , managed by Equus Capital Corp. , Houston , would pay $ 12 cash and one new preferred share with a liquidation preference of $ 1.65 a share for each of Tony Lama 's 2.1 million shares outstanding .	The stock would be redeemed in five years , subject to terms of the surviving company 's debt .	s1:18	pay	s2:4	redeemed	BEFORE
Market makers in Nasdaq over-the-counter stocks are adding their voices to the swelling chorus of complaints about program trading .	The most controversial form of program trading , stock-index arbitrage , is '' making it tough for traders to make money , '' declares Robert Antolini , head of OTC trading at Donaldson , Lufkin amp Jenrette .	s1:7	adding	s2:23	declares	INCLUDES
Some of these problems are neither new nor unique to the OTC market .	But the big , often tumultuous slide in stock prices this month has turned some of those who have been profiting from the practice against it .	s1:3	problems	s2:13	turned	BEFORE
Moreover , the price volatility that is amplified by program trading is undercutting efforts to woo individual investors back to an OTC market that sorely misses them .	Some of these problems are neither new nor unique to the OTC market .	s1:7	amplified	s2:3	problems	IS_INCLUDED
Other market-maker gripes : Program trading also causes the Nasdaq Composite Index to lose ground against other segments of the stock market .	Some of these problems are neither new nor unique to the OTC market .	s1:7	causes	s2:3	problems	IS_INCLUDED
But the big , often tumultuous slide in stock prices this month has turned some of those who have been profiting from the practice against it .	But the big , often tumultuous slide in stock prices this month has turned some of those who have been profiting from the practice against it .	s1:6	slide	s2:13	turned	BEFORE
Of course , there were sell programs in past years , too , but they seem to hurt market makers more painfully these days .	That 's largely because of defensive measures they adopted after the 1987 crash , when individual investors fled the market and trading activity dwindled .	s1:17	hurt	s2:8	adopted	AFTER
That 's largely because of defensive measures they adopted after the 1987 crash , when individual investors fled the market and trading activity dwindled .	That 's largely because of defensive measures they adopted after the 1987 crash , when individual investors fled the market and trading activity dwindled .	s1:8	adopted	s2:12	crash	AFTER
That 's largely because of defensive measures they adopted after the 1987 crash , when individual investors fled the market and trading activity dwindled .	That 's largely because of defensive measures they adopted after the 1987 crash , when individual investors fled the market and trading activity dwindled .	s1:12	crash	s2:17	fled	INCLUDES
That 's largely because of defensive measures they adopted after the 1987 crash , when individual investors fled the market and trading activity dwindled .	That 's largely because of defensive measures they adopted after the 1987 crash , when individual investors fled the market and trading activity dwindled .	s1:17	fled	s2:23	dwindled	BEFORE
In such an environment , market makers can suffer huge losses both on trades made that day at steadily dropping prices and in the value of their inventories of shares .	In such an environment , market makers can suffer huge losses both on trades made that day at steadily dropping prices and in the value of their inventories of shares .	s1:8	suffer	s2:10	losses	IDENTITY
On days when prices are tumbling , they must be willing to buy shares from sellers when no one else will .	In such an environment , market makers can suffer huge losses both on trades made that day at steadily dropping prices and in the value of their inventories of shares .	s1:10	willing	s2:8	suffer	SIMULTANEOUS
But , he observes , while makers suffer losses when program trading drags the market down , they also make money when program trading pushes the prices higher .	But , he observes , while makers suffer losses when program trading drags the market down , they also make money when program trading pushes the prices higher .	s1:7	suffer	s2:8	losses	IDENTITY
But , he observes , while makers suffer losses when program trading drags the market down , they also make money when program trading pushes the prices higher .	But , he observes , while makers suffer losses when program trading drags the market down , they also make money when program trading pushes the prices higher .	s1:7	suffer	s2:12	drags	AFTER
Eight trading days after Oct. 12 , the day before the stock market plunge , for instance , the Nasdaq Composite had fallen 4.3 % , compared with 3.3 % for the SampP 500 , 3.5 % for the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index and 3.6 % for the industrial average .	Eight trading days after Oct. 12 , the day before the stock market plunge , for instance , the Nasdaq Composite had fallen 4.3 % , compared with 3.3 % for the SampP 500 , 3.5 % for the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index and 3.6 % for the industrial average .	s1:13	plunge	s2:22	fallen	AFTER
Weisfield 's rocketed 9 half to 39 after the jewelry store operator said it is in preliminary discussions , with a party it would n't identify , regarding the possible acquisition of the company .	Weisfield 's rocketed 9 half to 39 after the jewelry store operator said it is in preliminary discussions , with a party it would n't identify , regarding the possible acquisition of the company .	s1:2	rocketed	s2:12	said	AFTER
Starpointe Savings Bank rose 3 to 20 after the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. .	approved Dime Savings Bank of New York 's $ 21-a-share acquisition of Starpointe .	s1:3	rose	s2:0	approved	AFTER
The government is sharpening its newest weapon against white-collar defendants : the power to prevent them from paying their legal bills .	And defense lawyers are warning that they wo n't stick around if they do n't get paid .	s1:3	sharpening	s2:4	warning	IBEFORE
The issue has come to a boil in Newark , N.J. , where federal prosecutors have warned lawyers for Eddie Antar that if the founder and former chairman of Crazy Eddie Inc. is indicted , the government may move to seize the money that Mr. Antar is using to pay legal fees .	The warning by the U.S. attorney 's office follows two decisions by the U.S. Supreme Court last June .	s1:16	warned	s2:1	warning	IDENTITY
The warning by the U.S. attorney 's office follows two decisions by the U.S. Supreme Court last June .	The warning by the U.S. attorney 's office follows two decisions by the U.S. Supreme Court last June .	s1:1	warning	s2:10	decisions	AFTER
The warning by the U.S. attorney 's office follows two decisions by the U.S. Supreme Court last June .	In those cases , the high court ruled that federal law gives prosecutors broad authority to seize assets of people accused of racketeering and drug-related crimes , including fees paid to lawyers before an indictment .	s1:10	decisions	s2:7	ruled	IDENTITY
If the government succeeds in seizing Mr. Antar 's assets , he could be left without top-flight legal representation , because his attorneys are likely to quit , according to individuals familiar with the case .	If the government succeeds in seizing Mr. Antar 's assets , he could be left without top-flight legal representation , because his attorneys are likely to quit , according to individuals familiar with the case .	s1:3	succeeds	s2:14	left	BEFORE
If the government succeeds in seizing Mr. Antar 's assets , he could be left without top-flight legal representation , because his attorneys are likely to quit , according to individuals familiar with the case .	If the government succeeds in seizing Mr. Antar 's assets , he could be left without top-flight legal representation , because his attorneys are likely to quit , according to individuals familiar with the case .	s1:14	left	s2:26	quit	INCLUDES
If the government succeeds in seizing Mr. Antar 's assets , he could be left without top-flight legal representation , because his attorneys are likely to quit , according to individuals familiar with the case .	A seizure also would make the case the largest -- and one of the first -- in which lawyers ' fees have been confiscated in a prosecution unrelated to drugs .	s1:5	seizing	s2:1	seizure	IDENTITY
A seizure also would make the case the largest -- and one of the first -- in which lawyers ' fees have been confiscated in a prosecution unrelated to drugs .	A seizure also would make the case the largest -- and one of the first -- in which lawyers ' fees have been confiscated in a prosecution unrelated to drugs .	s1:1	seizure	s2:4	make	IDENTITY
According to individuals familiar with Mr. Antar 's case , prosecutors issued their warning this week after one of Mr. Antar 's attorneys asked whether legal fees might be subject to seizure .	According to individuals familiar with Mr. Antar 's case , prosecutors issued their warning this week after one of Mr. Antar 's attorneys asked whether legal fees might be subject to seizure .	s1:11	issued	s2:23	asked	AFTER
According to individuals familiar with Mr. Antar 's case , prosecutors issued their warning this week after one of Mr. Antar 's attorneys asked whether legal fees might be subject to seizure .	In a letter , prosecutors told Mr. Antar 's lawyers that because of the recent Supreme Court rulings , they could expect that any fees collected from Mr. Antar may be seized .	s1:23	asked	s2:5	told	BEFORE
According to individuals familiar with Mr. Antar 's case , prosecutors issued their warning this week after one of Mr. Antar 's attorneys asked whether legal fees might be subject to seizure .	In a letter , prosecutors told Mr. Antar 's lawyers that because of the recent Supreme Court rulings , they could expect that any fees collected from Mr. Antar may be seized .	s1:11	issued	s2:5	told	AFTER
Prosecutors have told Mr. Antar 's attorneys that they believe Mr. Antar 's allegedly ill-gotten gains are so great that any money he has used to pay attorneys derives from illegal activities .	Therefore , they said , the money can be taken from the lawyers even after they are paid .	s1:2	told	s2:3	said	IDENTITY
In that suit , the SEC accused Mr. Antar of engaging in a `` massive financial fraud '' to overstate the earnings of Crazy Eddie , Edison , N.J. , over a three-year period .	In that suit , the SEC accused Mr. Antar of engaging in a `` massive financial fraud '' to overstate the earnings of Crazy Eddie , Edison , N.J. , over a three-year period .	s1:10	engaging	s2:16	fraud	BEFORE
Mr. Antar was charged last month in a civil suit filed in federal court in Newark by the Securities and Exchange Commission .	Through his lawyers , Mr. Antar has denied allegations in the SEC suit and in civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others .	s1:3	charged	s2:7	denied	BEFORE
In that suit , the SEC accused Mr. Antar of engaging in a `` massive financial fraud '' to overstate the earnings of Crazy Eddie , Edison , N.J. , over a three-year period .	Through his lawyers , Mr. Antar has denied allegations in the SEC suit and in civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others .	s1:6	accused	s2:7	denied	BEFORE
Through his lawyers , Mr. Antar has denied allegations in the SEC suit and in civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others .	Through his lawyers , Mr. Antar has denied allegations in the SEC suit and in civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others .	s1:7	denied	s2:18	filed	AFTER
Mr. Antar was charged last month in a civil suit filed in federal court in Newark by the Securities and Exchange Commission .	Through his lawyers , Mr. Antar has denied allegations in the SEC suit and in civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others .	s1:10	filed	s2:18	filed	AFTER
The SEC has alleged that Mr. Antar aimed to pump up the company 's stock price through false financial statements in order to sell his stake and reap huge profits .	Mr. Antar , the SEC said , made more than $ 60 million from the sale of his shares between 1985 and 1987 .	s1:3	alleged	s2:5	said	IDENTITY
Westinghouse Electric Corp. , capitalizing on a major restructuring program , expects operating margins of more than 10 % and double-digit per-share earnings growth next year , top officers told securities analysts here .	Westinghouse Electric Corp. , capitalizing on a major restructuring program , expects operating margins of more than 10 % and double-digit per-share earnings growth next year , top officers told securities analysts here .	s1:11	expects	s2:29	told	INCLUDES
Since 1983 , Westinghouse has shed 70 businesses that it did n't expect to produce 10 % operating margins while acquiring 55 businesses .	Since 1983 , Westinghouse has shed 70 businesses that it did n't expect to produce 10 % operating margins while acquiring 55 businesses .	s1:5	shed	s2:12	expect	AFTER
Since 1983 , Westinghouse has shed 70 businesses that it did n't expect to produce 10 % operating margins while acquiring 55 businesses .	Since 1983 , Westinghouse has shed 70 businesses that it did n't expect to produce 10 % operating margins while acquiring 55 businesses .	s1:5	shed	s2:20	acquiring	SIMULTANEOUS
The deal , which will involve an initial $ 20 million investment , was struck with a handshake , he added .	The deal , which will involve an initial $ 20 million investment , was struck with a handshake , he added .	s1:5	involve	s2:11	investment	IDENTITY
Company officials also said that any gain from the sale of Westinghouse 's 55 % stake in its transmission and distribution venture with the Swiss firm of Asea Brown Boveri will be offset by a restructuring charge in the fourth quarter .	Company officials also said that any gain from the sale of Westinghouse 's 55 % stake in its transmission and distribution venture with the Swiss firm of Asea Brown Boveri will be offset by a restructuring charge in the fourth quarter .	s1:9	sale	s2:32	offset	BEFORE
Italian chemical giant Montedison S.p.A. , through its Montedison Acquisition N.V. indirect unit , began its $ 37-a-share tender offer for all the common shares outstanding of Erbamont N.V. , a maker of pharmaceuticals incorporated in the Netherlands .	The offer , advertised in today 's editions of The Wall Street Journal , is scheduled to expire at the the end of November .	s1:19	offer	s2:1	offer	IDENTITY
The offer , advertised in today 's editions of The Wall Street Journal , is scheduled to expire at the the end of November .	The offer , advertised in today 's editions of The Wall Street Journal , is scheduled to expire at the the end of November .	s1:1	offer	s2:3	advertised	BEFORE
The offer , advertised in today 's editions of The Wall Street Journal , is scheduled to expire at the the end of November .	The offer , advertised in today 's editions of The Wall Street Journal , is scheduled to expire at the the end of November .	s1:1	offer	s2:17	expire	BEFORE
The offer , advertised in today 's editions of The Wall Street Journal , is scheduled to expire at the the end of November .	The offer is being launched pursuant to a previously announced agreement between the companies .	s1:1	offer	s2:1	offer	IDENTITY
The offer is being launched pursuant to a previously announced agreement between the companies .	The offer is being launched pursuant to a previously announced agreement between the companies .	s1:1	offer	s2:4	launched	BEGUN_BY
The offer is being launched pursuant to a previously announced agreement between the companies .	The offer is being launched pursuant to a previously announced agreement between the companies .	s1:4	launched	s2:10	agreement	AFTER
The White House said President Bush has approved duty-free treatment for imports of certain types of watches that are n't produced in `` significant quantities '' in the U.S. , the Virgin Islands and other U.S. possessions .	The action came in response to a petition filed by Timex Inc. for changes in the U.S. Generalized System of Preferences for imports from developing nations .	s1:7	approved	s2:1	action	IDENTITY
The action came in response to a petition filed by Timex Inc. for changes in the U.S. Generalized System of Preferences for imports from developing nations .	The action came in response to a petition filed by Timex Inc. for changes in the U.S. Generalized System of Preferences for imports from developing nations .	s1:1	action	s2:2	came	BEGUN_BY
The action came in response to a petition filed by Timex Inc. for changes in the U.S. Generalized System of Preferences for imports from developing nations .	U.S. trade officials said the Philippines and Thailand would be the main beneficiaries of the president 's action .	s1:1	action	s2:17	action	IDENTITY
U.S. trade officials said the Philippines and Thailand would be the main beneficiaries of the president 's action .	U.S. trade officials said the Philippines and Thailand would be the main beneficiaries of the president 's action .	s1:12	beneficiaries	s2:17	action	AFTER
Billions of investors ' dollars are pouring out of the nation 's junk-bond mutual funds , undermining a pillar of support in the already reeling junk market .	Billions of investors ' dollars are pouring out of the nation 's junk-bond mutual funds , undermining a pillar of support in the already reeling junk market .	s1:6	pouring	s2:16	undermining	SIMULTANEOUS
Interviews with three major fund groups -- Fidelity Investments , Vanguard Group Inc. and T. Rowe Price Associates Inc. -- confirm the trend .	Interviews with three major fund groups -- Fidelity Investments , Vanguard Group Inc. and T. Rowe Price Associates Inc. -- confirm the trend .	s1:0	Interviews	s2:20	confirm	BEGINS
Their junk funds combined have had net outflows totaling nearly $ 500 million , or about 13 % of their junk fund assets , in the past two months .	The withdrawals could spell trouble for the $ 200 billion junk market .	s1:7	outflows	s2:1	withdrawals	IS_INCLUDED
Some fund managers say negative publicity has exacerbated investors ' concern about recent declines in junk-bond prices .	Some fund managers say negative publicity has exacerbated investors ' concern about recent declines in junk-bond prices .	s1:7	exacerbated	s2:13	declines	AFTER
Billions of investors ' dollars are pouring out of the nation 's junk-bond mutual funds , undermining a pillar of support in the already reeling junk market .	The withdrawals could spell trouble for the $ 200 billion junk market .	s1:6	pouring	s2:1	withdrawals	IDENTITY
The withdrawals could spell trouble for the $ 200 billion junk market .	The withdrawals could spell trouble for the $ 200 billion junk market .	s1:1	withdrawals	s2:3	spell	BEFORE
If the heavy outflows continue , fund managers will face increasing pressure to sell off some of their junk to pay departing investors in the weeks ahead .	Such selling could erode prices of high-yield junk bonds , already weakened by a rash of corporate credit problems .	s1:13	sell	s2:1	selling	IDENTITY
Such selling could erode prices of high-yield junk bonds , already weakened by a rash of corporate credit problems .	Such selling could erode prices of high-yield junk bonds , already weakened by a rash of corporate credit problems .	s1:1	selling	s2:3	erode	BEFORE
The $ 1.5 billion Fidelity High Income Fund has had a net outflow of about $ 150 million in the past two months .	About 98 % of the outflow was transferred to other Fidelity funds , says Neal Litvack , a Fidelity vice president , marketing , with most going into money market funds .	s1:12	outflow	s2:7	transferred	INCLUDES
Still , two-thirds of the outflow has been steered into other Vanguard portfolios , says Brian Mattes , a vice president .	The fund now holds a cash position of about 15 % .	s1:5	outflow	s2:3	holds	BEFORE
At the $ 932 million T. Rowe Price High Yield Fund , investors yanked out about $ 182 million in the past two months .	Those withdrawals , most of which were transferred to other T. Rowe Price funds , followed little change in the fund 's sales picture this year through August . ''	s1:13	yanked	s2:1	withdrawals	IDENTITY
Those withdrawals , most of which were transferred to other T. Rowe Price funds , followed little change in the fund 's sales picture this year through August . ''	Those withdrawals , most of which were transferred to other T. Rowe Price funds , followed little change in the fund 's sales picture this year through August . ''	s1:1	withdrawals	s2:17	change	AFTER
Junk-fund holders have barely broken even this year , as fat interest payments barely managed to offset declining prices .	Junk-fund holders have barely broken even this year , as fat interest payments barely managed to offset declining prices .	s1:4	broken	s2:14	managed	SIMULTANEOUS
Fidelity 's junk fund has fallen 2.08 % this year through Oct. 19 , Lipper says ; the Vanguard fund rose 1.84 % ; and the T. Rowe Price fund edged up 0.66 % .	Fidelity 's junk fund has fallen 2.08 % this year through Oct. 19 , Lipper says ; the Vanguard fund rose 1.84 % ; and the T. Rowe Price fund edged up 0.66 % .	s1:20	rose	s2:30	edged	SIMULTANEOUS
People who remain in junk funds now could get hit again , some analysts and fund specialists say .	People who remain in junk funds now could get hit again , some analysts and fund specialists say .	s1:2	remain	s2:8	get	BEFORE
extended its tender offer of $ 18 a share , or about $ 576 million , for the 33 % of Telerate Inc. that it does n't already own until 5 p.m. EST , Nov. 6 .	The offer , which Telerate 's two independent directors have rejected as inadequate , previously had been scheduled to expire at midnight Friday .	s1:3	offer	s2:1	offer	IDENTITY
The offer , which Telerate 's two independent directors have rejected as inadequate , previously had been scheduled to expire at midnight Friday .	The offer , which Telerate 's two independent directors have rejected as inadequate , previously had been scheduled to expire at midnight Friday .	s1:1	offer	s2:19	expire	ENDED_BY
extended its tender offer of $ 18 a share , or about $ 576 million , for the 33 % of Telerate Inc. that it does n't already own until 5 p.m. EST , Nov. 6 .	Dow Jones said it extended the offer to allow shareholders time to review a supplement to the Dow Jones tender offer circular that it mailed last Friday .	s1:0	extended	s2:2	said	BEFORE
Dow Jones said it extended the offer to allow shareholders time to review a supplement to the Dow Jones tender offer circular that it mailed last Friday .	Dow Jones said it extended the offer to allow shareholders time to review a supplement to the Dow Jones tender offer circular that it mailed last Friday .	s1:4	extended	s2:24	mailed	AFTER
Dow Jones said it extended the offer to allow shareholders time to review a supplement to the Dow Jones tender offer circular that it mailed last Friday .	Dow Jones said it extended the offer to allow shareholders time to review a supplement to the Dow Jones tender offer circular that it mailed last Friday .	s1:2	said	s2:24	mailed	AFTER
The supplement contains various information that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission since Dow Jones launched the offer on Sept. 26 , but it does n't change the terms and conditions of the offer except to extend its expiration date .	The supplement contains various information that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission since Dow Jones launched the offer on Sept. 26 , but it does n't change the terms and conditions of the offer except to extend its expiration date .	s1:8	filed	s2:18	launched	AFTER
The supplement contains various information that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission since Dow Jones launched the offer on Sept. 26 , but it does n't change the terms and conditions of the offer except to extend its expiration date .	The supplement contains various information that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission since Dow Jones launched the offer on Sept. 26 , but it does n't change the terms and conditions of the offer except to extend its expiration date .	s1:8	filed	s2:29	change	BEFORE
The supplement contains various information that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission since Dow Jones launched the offer on Sept. 26 , but it does n't change the terms and conditions of the offer except to extend its expiration date .	The supplement contains various information that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission since Dow Jones launched the offer on Sept. 26 , but it does n't change the terms and conditions of the offer except to extend its expiration date .	s1:8	filed	s2:39	extend	BEFORE
The supplement contains various information that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission since Dow Jones launched the offer on Sept. 26 , but it does n't change the terms and conditions of the offer except to extend its expiration date .	The supplement contains various information that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission since Dow Jones launched the offer on Sept. 26 , but it does n't change the terms and conditions of the offer except to extend its expiration date .	s1:18	launched	s2:20	offer	BEGINS
Telerate shares fell 50 cents on Friday to close at $ 20 each in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .	Telerate shares fell 50 cents on Friday to close at $ 20 each in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .	s1:2	fell	s2:8	close	ENDED_BY
Dow Jones shares also fell 50 cents to close at $ 36.125 in Big Board composite trading .	Dow Jones shares also fell 50 cents to close at $ 36.125 in Big Board composite trading .	s1:4	fell	s2:8	close	ENDED_BY
Late last week , representatives of Dow Jones and Telerate began negotiations about the terms of the offer , but those talks did n't result in any changes in the offer .	Late last week , representatives of Dow Jones and Telerate began negotiations about the terms of the offer , but those talks did n't result in any changes in the offer .	s1:11	negotiations	s2:21	talks	IS_INCLUDED
Late last week , representatives of Dow Jones and Telerate began negotiations about the terms of the offer , but those talks did n't result in any changes in the offer .	Late last week , representatives of Dow Jones and Telerate began negotiations about the terms of the offer , but those talks did n't result in any changes in the offer .	s1:21	talks	s2:27	changes	BEFORE
said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept. 30 .	said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept. 30 .	s1:0	said	s2:16	reported	SIMULTANEOUS
said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept. 30 .	This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write-offs the company said were non-recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre-publication costs .	s1:19	loss	s2:3	loss	IDENTITY
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write-offs the company said were non-recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre-publication costs .	This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write-offs the company said were non-recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre-publication costs .	s1:3	loss	s2:6	charges	INCLUDES
The department retreated from its position in the VMI case when it argued that the government could not make policy based on stereotypes `` even when those stereotypes reflect current realities . ''	The department retreated from its position in the VMI case when it argued that the government could not make policy based on stereotypes `` even when those stereotypes reflect current realities . ''	s1:18	make	s2:19	policy	IDENTITY
The department retreated from its position in the VMI case when it argued that the government could not make policy based on stereotypes `` even when those stereotypes reflect current realities . ''	The department retreated from its position in the VMI case when it argued that the government could not make policy based on stereotypes `` even when those stereotypes reflect current realities . ''	s1:18	make	s2:28	reflect	SIMULTANEOUS
said it will offer an early retirement package to as many as 1,100 employees in a cost-cutting move expected to result in a fourth-quarter charge .	But some analysts questioned how much of an impact the retirement package will have , because few jobs will end up being eliminated .	s1:0	said	s2:3	questioned	BEFORE
But some analysts questioned how much of an impact the retirement package will have , because few jobs will end up being eliminated .	But some analysts questioned how much of an impact the retirement package will have , because few jobs will end up being eliminated .	s1:3	questioned	s2:19	end	BEFORE
Upjohn further estimated that about 50 % of the employees who leave for early retirement may be replaced .	Upjohn further estimated that about 50 % of the employees who leave for early retirement may be replaced .	s1:11	leave	s2:17	replaced	BEFORE
said it will offer an early retirement package to as many as 1,100 employees in a cost-cutting move expected to result in a fourth-quarter charge .	Upjohn further estimated that about 50 % of the employees who leave for early retirement may be replaced .	s1:3	offer	s2:11	leave	BEFORE
The unit makes intravenous pumps used by hospitals and had more than $ 110 million in sales last year , according to Advanced Medical .	The unit makes intravenous pumps used by hospitals and had more than $ 110 million in sales last year , according to Advanced Medical .	s1:9	had	s2:16	sales	SIMULTANEOUS
said it agreed to sell its Baby Ruth , Butterfinger and Pearson candy businesses to Nestle S.A. 's Nestle Foods unit for $ 370 million .	The sale , at a higher price than some analysts had expected , helps the food and tobacco giant raise funds to pay debt and boosts Nestle 's 7 % share of the U.S. candy market to about 12 % .	s1:4	sell	s2:1	sale	IDENTITY
The sale , at a higher price than some analysts had expected , helps the food and tobacco giant raise funds to pay debt and boosts Nestle 's 7 % share of the U.S. candy market to about 12 % .	The sale , at a higher price than some analysts had expected , helps the food and tobacco giant raise funds to pay debt and boosts Nestle 's 7 % share of the U.S. candy market to about 12 % .	s1:1	sale	s2:13	helps	BEFORE
The sale , at a higher price than some analysts had expected , helps the food and tobacco giant raise funds to pay debt and boosts Nestle 's 7 % share of the U.S. candy market to about 12 % .	The sale , at a higher price than some analysts had expected , helps the food and tobacco giant raise funds to pay debt and boosts Nestle 's 7 % share of the U.S. candy market to about 12 % .	s1:1	sale	s2:25	boosts	BEFORE
The sale , at a higher price than some analysts had expected , helps the food and tobacco giant raise funds to pay debt and boosts Nestle 's 7 % share of the U.S. candy market to about 12 % .	The sale , at a higher price than some analysts had expected , helps the food and tobacco giant raise funds to pay debt and boosts Nestle 's 7 % share of the U.S. candy market to about 12 % .	s1:1	sale	s2:11	expected	AFTER
said it agreed to sell its Baby Ruth , Butterfinger and Pearson candy businesses to Nestle S.A. 's Nestle Foods unit for $ 370 million .	The sale , at a higher price than some analysts had expected , helps the food and tobacco giant raise funds to pay debt and boosts Nestle 's 7 % share of the U.S. candy market to about 12 % .	s1:2	agreed	s2:11	expected	AFTER
The candy businesses had sales of about $ 154 million last year , which was roughly 12 % of total revenue for RJR 's Planters LifeSavers unit , according to a memorandum distributed by RJR 's owner , Kohlberg Kravis Roberts amp Co. , to bankers last December .	The candy businesses had sales of about $ 154 million last year , which was roughly 12 % of total revenue for RJR 's Planters LifeSavers unit , according to a memorandum distributed by RJR 's owner , Kohlberg Kravis Roberts amp Co. , to bankers last December .	s1:3	had	s2:4	sales	IDENTITY
The sale , at a higher price than some analysts had expected , helps the food and tobacco giant raise funds to pay debt and boosts Nestle 's 7 % share of the U.S. candy market to about 12 % .	The sale , which had been expected , is part of KKR 's program to pay down $ 5 billion of a $ 6 billion bridge loan by February .	s1:1	sale	s2:1	sale	IDENTITY
The sale , which had been expected , is part of KKR 's program to pay down $ 5 billion of a $ 6 billion bridge loan by February .	The sale , which had been expected , is part of KKR 's program to pay down $ 5 billion of a $ 6 billion bridge loan by February .	s1:1	sale	s2:13	program	IS_INCLUDED
That sale , however , could still fall through if financing problems develop .	That sale , however , could still fall through if financing problems develop .	s1:7	fall	s2:12	develop	AFTER
That sale , however , could still fall through if financing problems develop .	That sale , however , could still fall through if financing problems develop .	s1:1	sale	s2:7	fall	AFTER
said it agreed to sell its Baby Ruth , Butterfinger and Pearson candy businesses to Nestle S.A. 's Nestle Foods unit for $ 370 million .	Nestle 's share of 7 % before Friday 's purchases is far below the shares of market leaders Hershey Foods Corp. and Mars Inc. , which have about 40 % and 36 % of the market , respectively .	s1:4	sell	s2:9	purchases	SIMULTANEOUS
`` This means Nestle is now in the candybar business in a big way , '' said Lisbeth Echeandia , publisher of Orlando , Fla.-based Confectioner Magazine .	They 've been given a mandate from Switzerland '' to expand their U.S. chocolate operations .	s1:16	said	s2:3	given	AFTER
Mr. Stronach will direct an effort to reduce overhead and curb capital spending `` until a more satisfactory level of profit is achieved and maintained , '' Magna said .	Mr. Stronach will direct an effort to reduce overhead and curb capital spending `` until a more satisfactory level of profit is achieved and maintained , '' Magna said .	s1:3	direct	s2:5	effort	SIMULTANEOUS
Mr. Stronach will direct an effort to reduce overhead and curb capital spending `` until a more satisfactory level of profit is achieved and maintained , '' Magna said .	Mr. Stronach will direct an effort to reduce overhead and curb capital spending `` until a more satisfactory level of profit is achieved and maintained , '' Magna said .	s1:3	direct	s2:22	achieved	ENDED_BY
Mr. Stronach will direct an effort to reduce overhead and curb capital spending `` until a more satisfactory level of profit is achieved and maintained , '' Magna said .	Mr. Stronach will direct an effort to reduce overhead and curb capital spending `` until a more satisfactory level of profit is achieved and maintained , '' Magna said .	s1:3	direct	s2:24	maintained	ENDED_BY
Mr. Stronach will direct an effort to reduce overhead and curb capital spending `` until a more satisfactory level of profit is achieved and maintained , '' Magna said .	The company said Mr. Stronach will personally direct the restructuring , assisted by Manfred Gingl , president and chief executive .	s1:3	direct	s2:7	direct	IDENTITY
An ambitious expansion has left Magna with excess capacity and a heavy debt load as the automotive industry enters a downturn .	An ambitious expansion has left Magna with excess capacity and a heavy debt load as the automotive industry enters a downturn .	s1:4	left	s2:18	enters	SIMULTANEOUS
Analysts said Mr. Stronach wants to resume a more influential role in running the company .	They expect him to cut costs throughout the organization .	s1:1	said	s2:1	expect	SIMULTANEOUS
The Pentagon said today it will re-examine the question are the remains inside the Tomb of the Unknown from the Vietnam War , in fact , known ?	CBS News first reported last night that the tomb may contain the remains of Air Force pilot Michael Blassie .	s1:2	said	s2:3	reported	AFTER
O'SMACH , Cambodia -LRB- AP -RRB- _ The top commander of a Cambodian resistance force said Thursday he has sent a team to recover the remains of a British mine removal expert kidnapped and presumed killed by Khmer Rouge guerrillas almost two years ago .	Howes had been working for the Britain-based Mines Advisory Group when he was abducted with his Cambodian interpreter Houn Hourth in March 1996 .	s1:32	kidnapped	s2:13	abducted	IDENTITY
The Foreign Office said it had informed the family of Howes , 37 years old when he was kidnapped , that he probably died within weeks or months of his capture on March 26 , 1996 .	The Foreign Office said it had informed the family of Howes , 37 years old when he was kidnapped , that he probably died within weeks or months of his capture on March 26 , 1996 .	s1:18	kidnapped	s2:30	capture	IDENTITY
Nhek Bunchhay , who had been closely involved in the search for Howes before having to flee the Cambodian capital after a coup d'etat last year , appeared confident he would find Howes ' remains .	Nhek Bunchhay , who had been closely involved in the search for Howes before having to flee the Cambodian capital after a coup d'etat last year , appeared confident he would find Howes ' remains .	s1:7	involved	s2:10	search	IS_INCLUDED
Nhek Bunchhay , who had been closely involved in the search for Howes before having to flee the Cambodian capital after a coup d'etat last year , appeared confident he would find Howes ' remains .	Nhek Bunchhay , who had been closely involved in the search for Howes before having to flee the Cambodian capital after a coup d'etat last year , appeared confident he would find Howes ' remains .	s1:7	involved	s2:16	flee	BEFORE
If and when the remains are found , he said , they would be turned over to the British Embassy , apparently meaning they would be sent across the border into Thailand and onward to Bangkok .	If and when the remains are found , he said , they would be turned over to the British Embassy , apparently meaning they would be sent across the border into Thailand and onward to Bangkok .	s1:6	found	s2:14	turned	BEFORE
If and when the remains are found , he said , they would be turned over to the British Embassy , apparently meaning they would be sent across the border into Thailand and onward to Bangkok .	If and when the remains are found , he said , they would be turned over to the British Embassy , apparently meaning they would be sent across the border into Thailand and onward to Bangkok .	s1:6	found	s2:26	sent	BEFORE
In January this year , British police officers who had been searching for Howes concluded he had probably been killed soon after being captured .	Nhek Bunchhay said he now believed Howes had been killed within a week of his capture by a Khmer Rouge faction loyal to Pol Pot , then the guerrilla group 's leader .	s1:19	killed	s2:9	killed	IDENTITY
Nhek Bunchhay said he now believed Howes had been killed within a week of his capture by a Khmer Rouge faction loyal to Pol Pot , then the guerrilla group 's leader .	Nhek Bunchhay said he now believed Howes had been killed within a week of his capture by a Khmer Rouge faction loyal to Pol Pot , then the guerrilla group 's leader .	s1:9	killed	s2:15	capture	AFTER
Thai military officials who monitor Cambodian affairs said privately Thursday that Britain , through its embassies in Thailand and Cambodia , has been pushing hard to resolve the Howes case as the second anniversary of his abduction nears .	Nhek Bunchhay said he now believed Howes had been killed within a week of his capture by a Khmer Rouge faction loyal to Pol Pot , then the guerrilla group 's leader .	s1:36	abduction	s2:15	capture	IDENTITY
plans to redeem on Nov. 16 its $ 150 million of 6.5 % convertible subordinated debentures due March 1 , 2011 .	plans to redeem on Nov. 16 its $ 150 million of 6.5 % convertible subordinated debentures due March 1 , 2011 .	s1:0	plans	s2:16	due	SIMULTANEOUS
Iraq 's Saddam Hussein , his options for ending the Persian Gulf crisis growing increasingly unpleasant , assumed the role of embattled Arab hero in offering his first rough proposal for a negotiated end to the confrontation .	Then yesterday , he tried to entice Arab leaders with his proposal for a diplomatic solution linking his occupation of Kuwait with Israel 's occupation of the West Bank .	s1:29	proposal	s2:11	proposal	IDENTITY
Iraq 's Saddam Hussein , his options for ending the Persian Gulf crisis growing increasingly unpleasant , assumed the role of embattled Arab hero in offering his first rough proposal for a negotiated end to the confrontation .	Iraq 's Saddam Hussein , his options for ending the Persian Gulf crisis growing increasingly unpleasant , assumed the role of embattled Arab hero in offering his first rough proposal for a negotiated end to the confrontation .	s1:29	proposal	s2:33	end	BEFORE
The Iraqi leader , in an '' initiative '' designed as much to rally Arab public opinion as to launch meaningful negotiations , announced yesterday that he will withdraw his troops from Kuwait only if Israel withdraws from the West Bank and Syria from Lebanon .	The Iraqi leader , in an '' initiative '' designed as much to rally Arab public opinion as to launch meaningful negotiations , announced yesterday that he will withdraw his troops from Kuwait only if Israel withdraws from the West Bank and Syria from Lebanon .	s1:7	initiative	s2:23	announced	INCLUDES
The Iraqi leader , in an '' initiative '' designed as much to rally Arab public opinion as to launch meaningful negotiations , announced yesterday that he will withdraw his troops from Kuwait only if Israel withdraws from the West Bank and Syria from Lebanon .	He apparently hopes to lure support from Arabs who have spurned him so far by suggesting that Iraq will use its occupation of Kuwait as a lever to solve the Arab world 's most frustrating problem , the 23-year Israeli occupation of land claimed by Palestinians .	s1:23	announced	s2:10	spurned	AFTER
He apparently hopes to lure support from Arabs who have spurned him so far by suggesting that Iraq will use its occupation of Kuwait as a lever to solve the Arab world 's most frustrating problem , the 23-year Israeli occupation of land claimed by Palestinians .	Then yesterday , he tried to entice Arab leaders with his proposal for a diplomatic solution linking his occupation of Kuwait with Israel 's occupation of the West Bank .	s1:21	occupation	s2:18	occupation	IDENTITY
He apparently hopes to lure support from Arabs who have spurned him so far by suggesting that Iraq will use its occupation of Kuwait as a lever to solve the Arab world 's most frustrating problem , the 23-year Israeli occupation of land claimed by Palestinians .	He apparently hopes to lure support from Arabs who have spurned him so far by suggesting that Iraq will use its occupation of Kuwait as a lever to solve the Arab world 's most frustrating problem , the 23-year Israeli occupation of land claimed by Palestinians .	s1:19	use	s2:21	occupation	AFTER
He apparently hopes to lure support from Arabs who have spurned him so far by suggesting that Iraq will use its occupation of Kuwait as a lever to solve the Arab world 's most frustrating problem , the 23-year Israeli occupation of land claimed by Palestinians .	Then yesterday , he tried to entice Arab leaders with his proposal for a diplomatic solution linking his occupation of Kuwait with Israel 's occupation of the West Bank .	s1:40	occupation	s2:24	occupation	IDENTITY
He apparently hopes to lure support from Arabs who have spurned him so far by suggesting that Iraq will use its occupation of Kuwait as a lever to solve the Arab world 's most frustrating problem , the 23-year Israeli occupation of land claimed by Palestinians .	He apparently hopes to lure support from Arabs who have spurned him so far by suggesting that Iraq will use its occupation of Kuwait as a lever to solve the Arab world 's most frustrating problem , the 23-year Israeli occupation of land claimed by Palestinians .	s1:35	problem	s2:40	occupation	IDENTITY
Mr. Baker declined to use the word blockade , but said that '' interdiction '' of Iraqi shipments would begin '' almost instantly . ''	Mr. Baker declined to use the word blockade , but said that '' interdiction '' of Iraqi shipments would begin '' almost instantly . ''	s1:2	declined	s2:10	said	SIMULTANEOUS
Secretary of State James Baker , speaking on ABC News ' `` This Week , '' said the Kuwaiti request gives the U.S. and other countries `` a legal basis for stopping the export of oil and that sort of thing . ''	Mr. Baker declined to use the word blockade , but said that '' interdiction '' of Iraqi shipments would begin '' almost instantly . ''	s1:6	speaking	s2:10	said	INCLUDES
President Bush implied as much yesterday when reporters asked whether the interdiction would apply to food .	President Bush implied as much yesterday when reporters asked whether the interdiction would apply to food .	s1:2	implied	s2:8	asked	AFTER
Then yesterday , he tried to entice Arab leaders with his proposal for a diplomatic solution linking his occupation of Kuwait with Israel 's occupation of the West Bank .	The Bush administration immediately said it `` categorically '' rejects the proposals .	s1:4	tried	s2:4	said	BEFORE
Then yesterday , he tried to entice Arab leaders with his proposal for a diplomatic solution linking his occupation of Kuwait with Israel 's occupation of the West Bank .	Then yesterday , he tried to entice Arab leaders with his proposal for a diplomatic solution linking his occupation of Kuwait with Israel 's occupation of the West Bank .	s1:6	entice	s2:11	proposal	AFTER
Then yesterday , he tried to entice Arab leaders with his proposal for a diplomatic solution linking his occupation of Kuwait with Israel 's occupation of the West Bank .	The proposal also called for replacing American and other Western troops in Saudi Arabia with Arab forces .	s1:11	proposal	s2:1	proposal	IDENTITY
The second possibility would be to start a fight with Israel , in hopes that all Arabs would have to move behind Iraq in a fight against their common Israeli enemy .	The second possibility would be to start a fight with Israel , in hopes that all Arabs would have to move behind Iraq in a fight against their common Israeli enemy .	s1:8	fight	s2:20	move	BEFORE
The second possibility would be to start a fight with Israel , in hopes that all Arabs would have to move behind Iraq in a fight against their common Israeli enemy .	The second possibility would be to start a fight with Israel , in hopes that all Arabs would have to move behind Iraq in a fight against their common Israeli enemy .	s1:8	fight	s2:25	fight	IDENTITY
Iraq could start hostilities with Israel either through a direct attack or by attacking Jordan .	Iraq could start hostilities with Israel either through a direct attack or by attacking Jordan .	s1:3	hostilities	s2:10	attack	BEGUN_BY
Iraq could start hostilities with Israel either through a direct attack or by attacking Jordan .	Iraq could start hostilities with Israel either through a direct attack or by attacking Jordan .	s1:3	hostilities	s2:13	attacking	BEGUN_BY
At a news conference , Mr. Fournier accused Paribas of planning to pay for the takeover by selling parts of the company , whose interests include insurance , banking , tuna canning , sugar and orange juice .	At a news conference , Mr. Fournier accused Paribas of planning to pay for the takeover by selling parts of the company , whose interests include insurance , banking , tuna canning , sugar and orange juice .	s1:3	conference	s2:7	accused	INCLUDES
Cie. de Navigation Mixte Chairman Marc Fournier said his board unanimously rejected as too low the $ 1.77 billion bid by Cie. Financiere de Paribas to bring its stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % .	At a news conference , Mr. Fournier accused Paribas of planning to pay for the takeover by selling parts of the company , whose interests include insurance , banking , tuna canning , sugar and orange juice .	s1:7	said	s2:3	conference	IS_INCLUDED
At a news conference , Mr. Fournier accused Paribas of planning to pay for the takeover by selling parts of the company , whose interests include insurance , banking , tuna canning , sugar and orange juice .	The chairman said his board members , including representatives of West German insurance giant Allianz AG and French banks Credit Lyonnais and Societe Generale , hold nearly 50 % of Navigation Mixte 's capital .	s1:3	conference	s2:2	said	INCLUDES
Cie. de Navigation Mixte Chairman Marc Fournier said his board unanimously rejected as too low the $ 1.77 billion bid by Cie. Financiere de Paribas to bring its stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % .	The chairman said his board members , including representatives of West German insurance giant Allianz AG and French banks Credit Lyonnais and Societe Generale , hold nearly 50 % of Navigation Mixte 's capital .	s1:7	said	s2:2	said	IDENTITY
But sources said he will be urging his allies to boost their stakes in Navigation Mixte , which is being traded in London and is to resume trading in Paris Tuesday .	But sources said he will be urging his allies to boost their stakes in Navigation Mixte , which is being traded in London and is to resume trading in Paris Tuesday .	s1:2	said	s2:6	urging	BEFORE
But sources said he will be urging his allies to boost their stakes in Navigation Mixte , which is being traded in London and is to resume trading in Paris Tuesday .	At the same time , he is expected to seek legal and regulatory means of blocking or delaying Paribas 's bid .	s1:6	urging	s2:9	seek	SIMULTANEOUS
But sources said he will be urging his allies to boost their stakes in Navigation Mixte , which is being traded in London and is to resume trading in Paris Tuesday .	But sources said he will be urging his allies to boost their stakes in Navigation Mixte , which is being traded in London and is to resume trading in Paris Tuesday .	s1:2	said	s2:20	traded	IS_INCLUDED
At the same time , he is expected to seek legal and regulatory means of blocking or delaying Paribas 's bid .	At the same time , he is expected to seek legal and regulatory means of blocking or delaying Paribas 's bid .	s1:7	expected	s2:9	seek	BEFORE
Once he realized that Paribas 's intentions were n't friendly , he said , but before the bid was launched , he sought approval to boost his Paribas stake above 10 % .	Once he realized that Paribas 's intentions were n't friendly , he said , but before the bid was launched , he sought approval to boost his Paribas stake above 10 % .	s1:2	realized	s2:22	sought	BEFORE
Once he realized that Paribas 's intentions were n't friendly , he said , but before the bid was launched , he sought approval to boost his Paribas stake above 10 % .	Once he realized that Paribas 's intentions were n't friendly , he said , but before the bid was launched , he sought approval to boost his Paribas stake above 10 % .	s1:19	launched	s2:22	sought	AFTER
The purchase of the additional 48 % stake is expected to cost more than 11 billion francs -LRB- $ 1.77 billion -RRB- .	The purchase of the additional 48 % stake is expected to cost more than 11 billion francs -LRB- $ 1.77 billion -RRB- .	s1:1	purchase	s2:9	expected	AFTER
Paribas said Monday that it intends to bid to boost its stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % , from the 18.7 % it already owns .	The purchase of the additional 48 % stake is expected to cost more than 11 billion francs -LRB- $ 1.77 billion -RRB- .	s1:9	boost	s2:1	purchase	IS_INCLUDED
Paribas says it will offer 1,850 francs -LRB- $ 296.95 -RRB- each for Navigation Mixte shares that enjoy full dividend rights , and 1,800 francs each for a block of shares issued July 1 , which will receive only partial dividends this year .	Paribas says it will offer 1,850 francs -LRB- $ 296.95 -RRB- each for Navigation Mixte shares that enjoy full dividend rights , and 1,800 francs each for a block of shares issued July 1 , which will receive only partial dividends this year .	s1:1	says	s2:4	offer	BEFORE
Paribas says it will offer 1,850 francs -LRB- $ 296.95 -RRB- each for Navigation Mixte shares that enjoy full dividend rights , and 1,800 francs each for a block of shares issued July 1 , which will receive only partial dividends this year .	Paribas says it will offer 1,850 francs -LRB- $ 296.95 -RRB- each for Navigation Mixte shares that enjoy full dividend rights , and 1,800 francs each for a block of shares issued July 1 , which will receive only partial dividends this year .	s1:4	offer	s2:37	receive	BEFORE
Mr. Vaux said that if no agreement is reached , other buyers will be sought by bid or auction .	Mr. Vaux said that if no agreement is reached , other buyers will be sought by bid or auction .	s1:6	agreement	s2:8	reached	IDENTITY
Mr. Vaux said that if no agreement is reached , other buyers will be sought by bid or auction .	Mr. Vaux said that if no agreement is reached , other buyers will be sought by bid or auction .	s1:6	agreement	s2:14	sought	BEFORE
Mr. Vaux said that if no agreement is reached , other buyers will be sought by bid or auction .	Mr. Vaux said that if no agreement is reached , other buyers will be sought by bid or auction .	s1:14	sought	s2:16	bid	INCLUDES
Mr. Vaux said that if no agreement is reached , other buyers will be sought by bid or auction .	Mr. Vaux said that if no agreement is reached , other buyers will be sought by bid or auction .	s1:14	sought	s2:18	auction	INCLUDES
Intelogic Trace Inc. , San Antonio , Texas , said it bought 2.7 million shares , or about 18 % , of its common stock from an unaffiliated shareholder for $ 3.625 a share , or $ 9.9 million .	The action followed by one day an Intelogic announcement that it will retain an investment banker to explore alternatives `` to maximize shareholder value , '' including the possible sale of the company .	s1:11	bought	s2:1	action	IDENTITY
The action followed by one day an Intelogic announcement that it will retain an investment banker to explore alternatives `` to maximize shareholder value , '' including the possible sale of the company .	The action followed by one day an Intelogic announcement that it will retain an investment banker to explore alternatives `` to maximize shareholder value , '' including the possible sale of the company .	s1:1	action	s2:8	announcement	AFTER
The action followed by one day an Intelogic announcement that it will retain an investment banker to explore alternatives `` to maximize shareholder value , '' including the possible sale of the company .	The action followed by one day an Intelogic announcement that it will retain an investment banker to explore alternatives `` to maximize shareholder value , '' including the possible sale of the company .	s1:1	action	s2:2	followed	IDENTITY
Mr. Edelman declined to specify what prompted the recent moves , saying they are meant only to benefit shareholders when `` the company is on a roll . ''	Mr. Edelman declined to specify what prompted the recent moves , saying they are meant only to benefit shareholders when `` the company is on a roll . ''	s1:2	declined	s2:11	saying	SIMULTANEOUS
Mr. Edelman declined to specify what prompted the recent moves , saying they are meant only to benefit shareholders when `` the company is on a roll . ''	He added , `` This has nothing to do with Marty Ackerman and it is not designed , particularly , to take the company private . ''	s1:2	declined	s2:1	added	IBEFORE
Mr. Edelman declined to specify what prompted the recent moves , saying they are meant only to benefit shareholders when `` the company is on a roll . ''	But Mr. Ackerman said the buy-back , and the above-market price paid , prove that Mr. Edelman is running scared .	s1:2	declined	s2:3	said	BEFORE
Travelers Corp. 's third-quarter net income rose 11 % , even though claims stemming from Hurricane Hugo reduced results $ 40 million .	Net advanced to $ 94.2 million , or 89 cents a share , from $ 85 million , or 83 cents a share , including net realized investment gains of $ 31 million , up from $ 10 million a year ago .	s1:6	rose	s2:1	advanced	SIMULTANEOUS
ADDIS ABABA , Ethiopia -LRB- AP -RRB- _ The Organization of African Unity said Friday it would investigate the Hutu-organized genocide of more than 500,000 minority Tutsis in Rwanda nearly four years ago .	Foreign ministers of member-states meeting in the Ethiopian capital agreed to set up a seven-member panel to investigate who shot down Rwandan President Juvenal Habyarimana 's plane on April 6 , 1994 .	s1:13	said	s2:4	meeting	IS_INCLUDED
Foreign ministers of member-states meeting in the Ethiopian capital agreed to set up a seven-member panel to investigate who shot down Rwandan President Juvenal Habyarimana 's plane on April 6 , 1994 .	Foreign ministers of member-states meeting in the Ethiopian capital agreed to set up a seven-member panel to investigate who shot down Rwandan President Juvenal Habyarimana 's plane on April 6 , 1994 .	s1:4	meeting	s2:9	agreed	INCLUDES
The assassination touched off a murderous rampage by Hutu security forces and civilians , who slaughtered mainly Tutsis but also Hutus who favored reconciliation with the minority .	The assassination touched off a murderous rampage by Hutu security forces and civilians , who slaughtered mainly Tutsis but also Hutus who favored reconciliation with the minority .	s1:1	assassination	s2:2	touched	IDENTITY
The assassination touched off a murderous rampage by Hutu security forces and civilians , who slaughtered mainly Tutsis but also Hutus who favored reconciliation with the minority .	It also reignited the civil war .	s1:1	assassination	s2:2	reignited	IDENTITY
Foreign ministers of member-states meeting in the Ethiopian capital agreed to set up a seven-member panel to investigate who shot down Rwandan President Juvenal Habyarimana 's plane on April 6 , 1994 .	The investigation will consider the role of `` internal and external forces prior to the genocide and subsequently , and the role of the United Nations and its agencies and the OAU before , during and after the genocide , '' the OAU said .	s1:17	investigate	s2:1	investigation	IS_INCLUDED
The panel also will look at the exodus of about 2 million Rwanda Hutus to neighboring countries where they lived in U.N.-run refugee camps for 2 half years .	The investigation will consider the role of `` internal and external forces prior to the genocide and subsequently , and the role of the United Nations and its agencies and the OAU before , during and after the genocide , '' the OAU said .	s1:4	look	s2:1	investigation	IS_INCLUDED
The investigation will consider the role of `` internal and external forces prior to the genocide and subsequently , and the role of the United Nations and its agencies and the OAU before , during and after the genocide , '' the OAU said .	The investigation will consider the role of `` internal and external forces prior to the genocide and subsequently , and the role of the United Nations and its agencies and the OAU before , during and after the genocide , '' the OAU said .	s1:1	investigation	s2:3	consider	INCLUDES
The panel will be based in Addis Ababa , and will finish its investigation within a year , it said .	The panel will be based in Addis Ababa , and will finish its investigation within a year , it said .	s1:13	investigation	s2:19	said	DURING
The investigation will consider the role of `` internal and external forces prior to the genocide and subsequently , and the role of the United Nations and its agencies and the OAU before , during and after the genocide , '' the OAU said .	The panel will be based in Addis Ababa , and will finish its investigation within a year , it said .	s1:1	investigation	s2:13	investigation	IDENTITY
Primerica , which had owned nearly 70 % of Williams , will pay about 16.7 million shares , currently valued at almost $ 472 million , for the rest of Williams .	The financial-services company will pay 0.82 share for each Williams share .	s1:12	pay	s2:4	pay	SIMULTANEOUS
said it raised $ 92 million from an offering of liquid yield option notes .	The gross proceeds from the sale of the notes , which will be due on Nov. 1 , 2004 , will be used to reduce existing debt and for general corporate purposes , the company said .	s1:8	offering	s2:5	sale	BEFORE
The gross proceeds from the sale of the notes , which will be due on Nov. 1 , 2004 , will be used to reduce existing debt and for general corporate purposes , the company said .	The gross proceeds from the sale of the notes , which will be due on Nov. 1 , 2004 , will be used to reduce existing debt and for general corporate purposes , the company said .	s1:5	sale	s2:22	used	BEFORE
The gross proceeds from the sale of the notes , which will be due on Nov. 1 , 2004 , will be used to reduce existing debt and for general corporate purposes , the company said .	The gross proceeds from the sale of the notes , which will be due on Nov. 1 , 2004 , will be used to reduce existing debt and for general corporate purposes , the company said .	s1:5	sale	s2:13	due	ENDS
The debt reduction is expected to save the Fort Lauderdale , Fla. home video concern about $ 2 million a year in interest expense .	The debt reduction is expected to save the Fort Lauderdale , Fla. home video concern about $ 2 million a year in interest expense .	s1:2	reduction	s2:6	save	BEFORE
The gross proceeds from the sale of the notes , which will be due on Nov. 1 , 2004 , will be used to reduce existing debt and for general corporate purposes , the company said .	The debt reduction is expected to save the Fort Lauderdale , Fla. home video concern about $ 2 million a year in interest expense .	s1:24	reduce	s2:2	reduction	IDENTITY
At the same time , the sheer size of the loss , coupled with a slowing of orders , made some securities analysts wonder just how strong that turnaround will be at the computer maker and defense-electronics concern .	At the same time , the sheer size of the loss , coupled with a slowing of orders , made some securities analysts wonder just how strong that turnaround will be at the computer maker and defense-electronics concern .	s1:10	loss	s2:17	orders	SIMULTANEOUS
At the same time , the sheer size of the loss , coupled with a slowing of orders , made some securities analysts wonder just how strong that turnaround will be at the computer maker and defense-electronics concern .	At the same time , the sheer size of the loss , coupled with a slowing of orders , made some securities analysts wonder just how strong that turnaround will be at the computer maker and defense-electronics concern .	s1:10	loss	s2:19	made	IDENTITY
Unisys , whose revenue inched up 3.7 % in the quarter to $ 2.35 billion from $ 2.27 billion in the year-earlier quarter , had an operating loss of about $ 30 million .	Unisys , whose revenue inched up 3.7 % in the quarter to $ 2.35 billion from $ 2.27 billion in the year-earlier quarter , had an operating loss of about $ 30 million .	s1:4	inched	s2:24	had	SIMULTANEOUS
Unisys , whose revenue inched up 3.7 % in the quarter to $ 2.35 billion from $ 2.27 billion in the year-earlier quarter , had an operating loss of about $ 30 million .	Unisys , whose revenue inched up 3.7 % in the quarter to $ 2.35 billion from $ 2.27 billion in the year-earlier quarter , had an operating loss of about $ 30 million .	s1:24	had	s2:27	loss	IDENTITY
On top of that , the Blue Bell , Pa. , concern took a $ 230 million charge related to the layoffs of 8,000 employees .	On top of that , the Blue Bell , Pa. , concern took a $ 230 million charge related to the layoffs of 8,000 employees .	s1:12	took	s2:17	charge	IDENTITY
The company also took a write-off of $ 150 million to cover losses on some fixed-price defense contracts , as some new managers took a hard look at the prospects for that slow-growing business .	The company also took a write-off of $ 150 million to cover losses on some fixed-price defense contracts , as some new managers took a hard look at the prospects for that slow-growing business .	s1:3	took	s2:5	write-off	IDENTITY
The company also took a write-off of $ 150 million to cover losses on some fixed-price defense contracts , as some new managers took a hard look at the prospects for that slow-growing business .	The company also took a write-off of $ 150 million to cover losses on some fixed-price defense contracts , as some new managers took a hard look at the prospects for that slow-growing business .	s1:23	took	s2:26	look	IDENTITY
The company also took a write-off of $ 150 million to cover losses on some fixed-price defense contracts , as some new managers took a hard look at the prospects for that slow-growing business .	The company also took a write-off of $ 150 million to cover losses on some fixed-price defense contracts , as some new managers took a hard look at the prospects for that slow-growing business .	s1:3	took	s2:23	took	AFTER
In addition , Unisys said it reduced computer inventories a further $ 100 million during the quarter , leaving it within $ 100 million of its goal of a reduction of $ 500 million by the end of the year .	In addition , Unisys said it reduced computer inventories a further $ 100 million during the quarter , leaving it within $ 100 million of its goal of a reduction of $ 500 million by the end of the year .	s1:6	reduced	s2:18	leaving	IDENTITY
In addition , Unisys said it reduced computer inventories a further $ 100 million during the quarter , leaving it within $ 100 million of its goal of a reduction of $ 500 million by the end of the year .	In addition , Unisys said it reduced computer inventories a further $ 100 million during the quarter , leaving it within $ 100 million of its goal of a reduction of $ 500 million by the end of the year .	s1:6	reduced	s2:29	reduction	BEFORE
That would be a huge problem if it were to continue , because Unisys is betting its business on the assumption that customers want to move away from using operating systems that run on only one manufacturer 's equipment and toward systems -- mainly Unix -- that work on almost anyone 's machines .	That would be a huge problem if it were to continue , because Unisys is betting its business on the assumption that customers want to move away from using operating systems that run on only one manufacturer 's equipment and toward systems -- mainly Unix -- that work on almost anyone 's machines .	s1:5	problem	s2:15	betting	AFTER
Debt has risen to around $ 4 billion , or about 50 % of total capitalization .	That means Unisys must pay about $ 100 million in interest every quarter , on top of $ 27 million in dividends on preferred stock .	s1:2	risen	s2:4	pay	BEFORE
He said the strength of the world-wide economy is suspect , and does n't see much revenue growth in the cards .	He also said that the price wars flaring up in parts of the computer industry will continue through next year .	s1:1	said	s2:2	said	IDENTITY
He said the move toward standard operating systems means customers are n't locked into buying from their traditional computer supplier and can force prices down .	That , he said , is why Unisys is overhauling its whole business : It needs to prepare for a world in which profit margins will be lower than computer companies have been used to .	s1:12	locked	s2:9	overhauling	BEFORE
He said the move toward standard operating systems means customers are n't locked into buying from their traditional computer supplier and can force prices down .	That , he said , is why Unisys is overhauling its whole business : It needs to prepare for a world in which profit margins will be lower than computer companies have been used to .	s1:12	locked	s2:15	needs	BEFORE
Securities analysts were even more cautious , having been burned repeatedly on Unisys this year .	Securities analysts were even more cautious , having been burned repeatedly on Unisys this year .	s1:5	cautious	s2:9	burned	AFTER
But the company said Friday that it had losses of $ 673.3 million through the first nine months , compared with earnings a year earlier of $ 382.2 million , or $ 2.22 a share fully diluted , as revenue inched up 1.4 % to $ 7.13 billion from $ 7.03 billion .	But the company said Friday that it had losses of $ 673.3 million through the first nine months , compared with earnings a year earlier of $ 382.2 million , or $ 2.22 a share fully diluted , as revenue inched up 1.4 % to $ 7.13 billion from $ 7.03 billion .	s1:8	losses	s2:21	earnings	AFTER
Some of Sansui 's fellow audio-specialty companies , such as Aiwa Co. and Pioneer Electric Corp. , responded to the challenge by quickly bringing out mini-component products of their own , by moving heavily into the booming compact disk businesses or by diversifying into other consumer-electronics fields , including laser disks or portable cassette players .	Some of Sansui 's fellow audio-specialty companies , such as Aiwa Co. and Pioneer Electric Corp. , responded to the challenge by quickly bringing out mini-component products of their own , by moving heavily into the booming compact disk businesses or by diversifying into other consumer-electronics fields , including laser disks or portable cassette players .	s1:17	responded	s2:23	bringing	INCLUDES
Some of Sansui 's fellow audio-specialty companies , such as Aiwa Co. and Pioneer Electric Corp. , responded to the challenge by quickly bringing out mini-component products of their own , by moving heavily into the booming compact disk businesses or by diversifying into other consumer-electronics fields , including laser disks or portable cassette players .	Some of Sansui 's fellow audio-specialty companies , such as Aiwa Co. and Pioneer Electric Corp. , responded to the challenge by quickly bringing out mini-component products of their own , by moving heavily into the booming compact disk businesses or by diversifying into other consumer-electronics fields , including laser disks or portable cassette players .	s1:17	responded	s2:32	moving	INCLUDES
Some of Sansui 's fellow audio-specialty companies , such as Aiwa Co. and Pioneer Electric Corp. , responded to the challenge by quickly bringing out mini-component products of their own , by moving heavily into the booming compact disk businesses or by diversifying into other consumer-electronics fields , including laser disks or portable cassette players .	Some of Sansui 's fellow audio-specialty companies , such as Aiwa Co. and Pioneer Electric Corp. , responded to the challenge by quickly bringing out mini-component products of their own , by moving heavily into the booming compact disk businesses or by diversifying into other consumer-electronics fields , including laser disks or portable cassette players .	s1:17	responded	s2:42	diversifying	INCLUDES
Some of Sansui 's fellow audio-specialty companies , such as Aiwa Co. and Pioneer Electric Corp. , responded to the challenge by quickly bringing out mini-component products of their own , by moving heavily into the booming compact disk businesses or by diversifying into other consumer-electronics fields , including laser disks or portable cassette players .	Sansui was late into the mini-component business and failed to branch into other new businesses .	s1:17	responded	s2:8	failed	SIMULTANEOUS
But in recent years , the market has moved toward less expensive `` mini-component '' sets , miniaturized amplifiers and receivers and software players that could be stacked on top of each other .	Some of Sansui 's fellow audio-specialty companies , such as Aiwa Co. and Pioneer Electric Corp. , responded to the challenge by quickly bringing out mini-component products of their own , by moving heavily into the booming compact disk businesses or by diversifying into other consumer-electronics fields , including laser disks or portable cassette players .	s1:8	moved	s2:17	responded	BEFORE
As the yen soared in recent years , Sansui 's deepening financial problems became a vicious circle .	As the yen soared in recent years , Sansui 's deepening financial problems became a vicious circle .	s1:3	soared	s2:13	became	SIMULTANEOUS
As the yen soared in recent years , Sansui 's deepening financial problems became a vicious circle .	While competitors moved production offshore in response to the sagging competitiveness of Japanese factories , Sansui lacked the money to build new plants in Southeast Asia .	s1:13	became	s2:16	lacked	SIMULTANEOUS
While competitors moved production offshore in response to the sagging competitiveness of Japanese factories , Sansui lacked the money to build new plants in Southeast Asia .	`` Our company has not been able to cope very effectively with '' changes in the marketplace , said Ryosuke Ito , Sansui 's president .	s1:16	lacked	s2:18	said	BEFORE
And while Polly Peck is n't jettisoning the existent top-management structure of Sansui , it is bringing in a former Toshiba Corp. executive as executive vice president and chief operating officer .	And while Polly Peck is n't jettisoning the existent top-management structure of Sansui , it is bringing in a former Toshiba Corp. executive as executive vice president and chief operating officer .	s1:6	jettisoning	s2:16	bringing	SIMULTANEOUS
He took Polly Peck , once a small fabric wholesaler , and used it at as a base to build a conglomerate that has been doubling its profits annually since 1980 .	He took Polly Peck , once a small fabric wholesaler , and used it at as a base to build a conglomerate that has been doubling its profits annually since 1980 .	s1:1	took	s2:12	used	BEFORE
Polly Peck International Inc. 's agreement to acquire 51 % of Sansui Electric Co. proves that foreign companies can acquire Japanese companies -- if the alternative for the Japanese company is extinction .	He took Polly Peck , once a small fabric wholesaler , and used it at as a base to build a conglomerate that has been doubling its profits annually since 1980 .	s1:5	agreement	s2:12	used	AFTER
He took Polly Peck , once a small fabric wholesaler , and used it at as a base to build a conglomerate that has been doubling its profits annually since 1980 .	He took Polly Peck , once a small fabric wholesaler , and used it at as a base to build a conglomerate that has been doubling its profits annually since 1980 .	s1:19	build	s2:25	doubling	BEFORE
Polly Peck International Inc. 's agreement to acquire 51 % of Sansui Electric Co. proves that foreign companies can acquire Japanese companies -- if the alternative for the Japanese company is extinction .	He took Polly Peck , once a small fabric wholesaler , and used it at as a base to build a conglomerate that has been doubling its profits annually since 1980 .	s1:5	agreement	s2:19	build	AFTER
The British government has formally called for Sinn Fein , the IRA 's political wing , to be expelled from the multiparty peace talks on northern Ireland .	The British government has formally called for Sinn Fein , the IRA 's political wing , to be expelled from the multiparty peace talks on northern Ireland .	s1:18	expelled	s2:23	talks	IS_INCLUDED
The British government has formally called for Sinn Fein , the IRA 's political wing , to be expelled from the multiparty peace talks on northern Ireland .	Sinn Fein chairman Mitchell McLaughlin says the party will challenge the move by legal means if they have to .	s1:5	called	s2:5	says	BEFORE
Sinn Fein chairman Mitchell McLaughlin says the party will challenge the move by legal means if they have to .	Sinn Fein chairman Mitchell McLaughlin says the party will challenge the move by legal means if they have to .	s1:5	says	s2:9	challenge	BEFORE
The British government has formally called for Sinn Fein , the IRA 's political wing , to be expelled from the multiparty peace talks on northern Ireland .	But we 're challenging it on the ground that uh the RUC uh have offered an opinion , and this opinion is going to be used as a mechanism for ejecting us from the talks , and uh that 's a very serious .	s1:18	expelled	s2:30	ejecting	IDENTITY
But we 're challenging it on the ground that uh the RUC uh have offered an opinion , and this opinion is going to be used as a mechanism for ejecting us from the talks , and uh that 's a very serious .	But we 're challenging it on the ground that uh the RUC uh have offered an opinion , and this opinion is going to be used as a mechanism for ejecting us from the talks , and uh that 's a very serious .	s1:30	ejecting	s2:34	talks	IS_INCLUDED
The British government has formally called for Sinn Fein , the IRA 's political wing , to be expelled from the multiparty peace talks on northern Ireland .	Any decision to expel Sinn Fein must be agreed jointly by the governments of both Britain and the Irish Republic .	s1:5	called	s2:1	decision	BEFORE
Intel Corp. 's most powerful computer chip has flaws that could delay several computer makers ' marketing efforts , but the `` bugs '' are n't expected to hurt Intel and most computer makers .	Intel Corp. 's most powerful computer chip has flaws that could delay several computer makers ' marketing efforts , but the `` bugs '' are n't expected to hurt Intel and most computer makers .	s1:7	has	s2:11	delay	BEFORE
Intel Corp. 's most powerful computer chip has flaws that could delay several computer makers ' marketing efforts , but the `` bugs '' are n't expected to hurt Intel and most computer makers .	Intel Corp. 's most powerful computer chip has flaws that could delay several computer makers ' marketing efforts , but the `` bugs '' are n't expected to hurt Intel and most computer makers .	s1:7	has	s2:26	expected	SIMULTANEOUS
Computer experts familiar with the flaws , found in Intel 's 80486 chip , say the defects do n't affect the average user and are likely to be cleared up before most computers using the chip as their '' brains '' appear on the market sometime next year .	Computer experts familiar with the flaws , found in Intel 's 80486 chip , say the defects do n't affect the average user and are likely to be cleared up before most computers using the chip as their '' brains '' appear on the market sometime next year .	s1:28	cleared	s2:41	appear	BEFORE
say the bugs will delay products , most big computer makers said the flaws do n't affect them .	say the bugs will delay products , most big computer makers said the flaws do n't affect them .	s1:0	say	s2:11	said	SIMULTANEOUS
Nonetheless , concern about the chip may have been responsible for a decline of 87.5 cents in Intel 's stock to $ 32 a share yesterday in over-the-counter trading , on volume of 3,609,800 shares , and partly responsible for a drop in Compaq 's stock in New York Stock Exchange composite trading on Wednesday .	Nonetheless , concern about the chip may have been responsible for a decline of 87.5 cents in Intel 's stock to $ 32 a share yesterday in over-the-counter trading , on volume of 3,609,800 shares , and partly responsible for a drop in Compaq 's stock in New York Stock Exchange composite trading on Wednesday .	s1:12	decline	s2:28	trading	IS_INCLUDED
Nonetheless , concern about the chip may have been responsible for a decline of 87.5 cents in Intel 's stock to $ 32 a share yesterday in over-the-counter trading , on volume of 3,609,800 shares , and partly responsible for a drop in Compaq 's stock in New York Stock Exchange composite trading on Wednesday .	Most of Compaq 's decline is being attributed to a third-quarter earnings report that came in at the low end of analysts ' expectations .	s1:41	drop	s2:4	decline	IS_INCLUDED
Yesterday , Compaq plunged further , closing at $ 100 a share , off $ 8.625 a share , on volume of 2,633,700 shares .	Most of Compaq 's decline is being attributed to a third-quarter earnings report that came in at the low end of analysts ' expectations .	s1:3	plunged	s2:4	decline	IS_INCLUDED
What 's more , the bugs only emerge on esoteric applications such as computer-aided design and scientific calculations , he said , and then very seldom .	`` These errata do not affect business programs , '' he said .	s1:20	said	s2:11	said	IDENTITY
Sun , Hewlett-Packard and others say Intel is n't wholly to blame for the snafu .	The real culprits , they said , are computer makers such as IBM that have jumped the gun to unveil 486-based products .	s1:5	say	s2:5	said	IDENTITY
The 486 is the descendant of a long series of Intel chips that began dominating the market ever since IBM picked the 16-bit 8088 chip for its first personal computer .	The 486 is the descendant of a long series of Intel chips that began dominating the market ever since IBM picked the 16-bit 8088 chip for its first personal computer .	s1:13	began	s2:20	picked	BEGUN_BY
The 486 is the descendant of a long series of Intel chips that began dominating the market ever since IBM picked the 16-bit 8088 chip for its first personal computer .	Since then , Intel has cornered a large part of the market with successive generations of 16-bit and 32-bit chips , all of which can run software written for previous models .	s1:13	began	s2:5	cornered	BEGINS
Big personal computer makers and many makers of engineering workstations are developing 486-based machines , which are expected to reach the market early next year .	Big personal computer makers and many makers of engineering workstations are developing 486-based machines , which are expected to reach the market early next year .	s1:11	developing	s2:17	expected	SIMULTANEOUS
`` The 486 is going to have a big impact on the industry , '' said Hewlett-Packard 's Mr. Archuleta .	`` The 486 is going to have a big impact on the industry , '' said Hewlett-Packard 's Mr. Archuleta .	s1:6	have	s2:9	impact	IDENTITY
Crossland Savings Bank 's stock plummeted after management recommended a suspension of dividend payments on both its common and preferred stock because Crossland may not meet the new government capital criteria effective Dec. 7 .	Crossland Savings Bank 's stock plummeted after management recommended a suspension of dividend payments on both its common and preferred stock because Crossland may not meet the new government capital criteria effective Dec. 7 .	s1:5	plummeted	s2:8	recommended	AFTER
Additionally , Crossland reported a third-quarter loss of $ 175.5 million , or $ 13.44 a share , compared with net income of $ 27.1 million , or $ 1.16 a share , a year ago .	A major factor in the third-quarter loss was the write-down of $ 143.6 million of goodwill .	s1:6	loss	s2:6	loss	IDENTITY
The spokesman said that the proposed guidelines caused Crossland to revise its business objectives and , consequently , to write down the asset value of some previous acquisitions .	The spokesman said that the proposed guidelines caused Crossland to revise its business objectives and , consequently , to write down the asset value of some previous acquisitions .	s1:7	caused	s2:10	revise	BEFORE
The spokesman said that the proposed guidelines caused Crossland to revise its business objectives and , consequently , to write down the asset value of some previous acquisitions .	The spokesman said that the proposed guidelines caused Crossland to revise its business objectives and , consequently , to write down the asset value of some previous acquisitions .	s1:7	caused	s2:19	write	BEFORE
lowered the rating on Crossland 's preferred stock to double-C from single-B-minus and placed it on CreditWatch for possible further downgrade .	lowered the rating on Crossland 's preferred stock to double-C from single-B-minus and placed it on CreditWatch for possible further downgrade .	s1:0	lowered	s2:13	placed	SIMULTANEOUS
Two rival bidders for Connaught BioSciences extended their offers to acquire the Toronto-based vaccine manufacturer Friday .	Institut Merieux S.A. , which offered 942 million Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 801.2 million -RRB- , or C$ 37 a share for Connaught , said it would extend its bid , due to expire last Thursday , to Nov. 6 .	s1:8	offers	s2:5	offered	INCLUDES
Institut Merieux S.A. , which offered 942 million Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 801.2 million -RRB- , or C$ 37 a share for Connaught , said it would extend its bid , due to expire last Thursday , to Nov. 6 .	Institut Merieux S.A. , which offered 942 million Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 801.2 million -RRB- , or C$ 37 a share for Connaught , said it would extend its bid , due to expire last Thursday , to Nov. 6 .	s1:5	offered	s2:24	said	BEFORE
Institut Merieux S.A. , which offered 942 million Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 801.2 million -RRB- , or C$ 37 a share for Connaught , said it would extend its bid , due to expire last Thursday , to Nov. 6 .	Institut Merieux S.A. , which offered 942 million Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 801.2 million -RRB- , or C$ 37 a share for Connaught , said it would extend its bid , due to expire last Thursday , to Nov. 6 .	s1:5	offered	s2:29	bid	IDENTITY
Institut Merieux S.A. , which offered 942 million Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 801.2 million -RRB- , or C$ 37 a share for Connaught , said it would extend its bid , due to expire last Thursday , to Nov. 6 .	Institut Merieux S.A. , which offered 942 million Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 801.2 million -RRB- , or C$ 37 a share for Connaught , said it would extend its bid , due to expire last Thursday , to Nov. 6 .	s1:29	bid	s2:33	expire	ENDED_BY
Merieux previously said it would ensure its bid remained open pending a final decision by Canadian regulators on whether to approve the takeover .	The Canadian government previously said Merieux 's bid did n't offer enough `` net benefit '' to Canada to be approved , and gave Merieux an until mid-November to submit additional information .	s1:2	said	s2:4	said	AFTER
The Canadian government previously said Merieux 's bid did n't offer enough `` net benefit '' to Canada to be approved , and gave Merieux an until mid-November to submit additional information .	The Canadian government previously said Merieux 's bid did n't offer enough `` net benefit '' to Canada to be approved , and gave Merieux an until mid-November to submit additional information .	s1:4	said	s2:23	gave	SIMULTANEOUS
Separately , two more of the nation 's top steelmakers -- Armco Inc. and National Intergroup Inc. -- reported lower operating earnings in their steel businesses , marking what is generally believed to be the end of a two-year boom in the industry .	Separately , two more of the nation 's top steelmakers -- Armco Inc. and National Intergroup Inc. -- reported lower operating earnings in their steel businesses , marking what is generally believed to be the end of a two-year boom in the industry .	s1:18	reported	s2:27	marking	SIMULTANEOUS
Bethlehem , the nation 's second largest steelmaker , earned $ 46.9 million , or 54 cents a share .	The figures include $ 15 million in costs related to a blast furnace outage and $ 8 million in losses from unauthorized work outages at the company 's coal operations .	s1:9	earned	s2:13	outage	AFTER
However , in spite of the difficult industrywide environment of high cost and low volume , Bethlehem '' had pretty good earnings numbers , '' said Michelle Galanter Applebaum , an analyst with Salomon Brothers Inc. .	However , in spite of the difficult industrywide environment of high cost and low volume , Bethlehem '' had pretty good earnings numbers , '' said Michelle Galanter Applebaum , an analyst with Salomon Brothers Inc. .	s1:18	had	s2:25	said	BEFORE
The company said its shipments declined as a result of a reduction in inventories by service centers , a lackluster automotive market and increasing competitive pressures in the construction market .	The company said its shipments declined as a result of a reduction in inventories by service centers , a lackluster automotive market and increasing competitive pressures in the construction market .	s1:5	declined	s2:11	reduction	AFTER
The company said its shipments declined as a result of a reduction in inventories by service centers , a lackluster automotive market and increasing competitive pressures in the construction market .	The company said its shipments declined as a result of a reduction in inventories by service centers , a lackluster automotive market and increasing competitive pressures in the construction market .	s1:5	declined	s2:23	increasing	AFTER
The company said its shipments declined as a result of a reduction in inventories by service centers , a lackluster automotive market and increasing competitive pressures in the construction market .	At the same time , production costs , compared with a year ago , were boosted by higher raw material and employment costs , which resulted from the company 's new labor pact effective June 1 .	s1:5	declined	s2:15	boosted	SIMULTANEOUS
At the same time , production costs , compared with a year ago , were boosted by higher raw material and employment costs , which resulted from the company 's new labor pact effective June 1 .	At the same time , production costs , compared with a year ago , were boosted by higher raw material and employment costs , which resulted from the company 's new labor pact effective June 1 .	s1:15	boosted	s2:25	resulted	SIMULTANEOUS
At the same time , production costs , compared with a year ago , were boosted by higher raw material and employment costs , which resulted from the company 's new labor pact effective June 1 .	At the same time , production costs , compared with a year ago , were boosted by higher raw material and employment costs , which resulted from the company 's new labor pact effective June 1 .	s1:25	resulted	s2:32	pact	AFTER
Along with reduced volume , analysts said the nation 's fifth largest steelmaker was hurt by holding higher-cost inventory when raw material costs of such key products as nickel dropped .	Along with reduced volume , analysts said the nation 's fifth largest steelmaker was hurt by holding higher-cost inventory when raw material costs of such key products as nickel dropped .	s1:14	hurt	s2:16	holding	AFTER
Along with reduced volume , analysts said the nation 's fifth largest steelmaker was hurt by holding higher-cost inventory when raw material costs of such key products as nickel dropped .	Along with reduced volume , analysts said the nation 's fifth largest steelmaker was hurt by holding higher-cost inventory when raw material costs of such key products as nickel dropped .	s1:16	holding	s2:29	dropped	DURING
StatesWest Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. , said it withdrew its offer to acquire Mesa Airlines because the Farmington , N.M. , carrier did n't respond to its offer by the close of business yesterday , a deadline StatesWest had set for a response .	StatesWest Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. , said it withdrew its offer to acquire Mesa Airlines because the Farmington , N.M. , carrier did n't respond to its offer by the close of business yesterday , a deadline StatesWest had set for a response .	s1:9	withdrew	s2:25	respond	AFTER
StatesWest Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. , said it withdrew its offer to acquire Mesa Airlines because the Farmington , N.M. , carrier did n't respond to its offer by the close of business yesterday , a deadline StatesWest had set for a response .	StatesWest Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. , said it withdrew its offer to acquire Mesa Airlines because the Farmington , N.M. , carrier did n't respond to its offer by the close of business yesterday , a deadline StatesWest had set for a response .	s1:25	respond	s2:31	close	SIMULTANEOUS
StatesWest Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. , said it withdrew its offer to acquire Mesa Airlines because the Farmington , N.M. , carrier did n't respond to its offer by the close of business yesterday , a deadline StatesWest had set for a response .	StatesWest Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. , said it withdrew its offer to acquire Mesa Airlines because the Farmington , N.M. , carrier did n't respond to its offer by the close of business yesterday , a deadline StatesWest had set for a response .	s1:9	withdrew	s2:40	set	AFTER
StatesWest had proposed acquiring Mesa for $ 7 a share and one share of a new series of StatesWest 6 % convertible preferred stock it values at $ 3 a share .	Earlier , Mesa had rejected a general proposal from StatesWest to combine the two carriers in some way .	s1:2	proposed	s2:4	rejected	AFTER
Earlier , Mesa had rejected a general proposal from StatesWest to combine the two carriers in some way .	Earlier , Mesa had rejected a general proposal from StatesWest to combine the two carriers in some way .	s1:4	rejected	s2:7	proposal	AFTER
There was no hint of trouble in the last conversation between controllers and TWA pilot Steven Snyder TWA eight hundred climb maintain one five thousand .	But a minute and a half later , a pilot from a nearby flight calls in .	s1:9	conversation	s2:14	calls	BEFORE
Ah , we just saw an explosion up ahead of us here about sixteen thousand feet or something like that .	It just went down .	s1:6	explosion	s2:2	went	IS_INCLUDED
There 's nothing new on why the plane exploded , but you can not miss the moment .	Ah , we just saw an explosion up ahead of us here about sixteen thousand feet or something like that .	s1:8	exploded	s2:6	explosion	IDENTITY
It just went down .	It - It just blew up in the air , and then we saw two fireballs go down to the , to the water , and there was a big small , ah , smoke , from ah , coming up from that .	s1:2	went	s2:4	blew	INCLUDES
Ah , we just saw an explosion up ahead of us here about sixteen thousand feet or something like that .	It - It just blew up in the air , and then we saw two fireballs go down to the , to the water , and there was a big small , ah , smoke , from ah , coming up from that .	s1:6	explosion	s2:4	blew	IDENTITY
It - It just blew up in the air , and then we saw two fireballs go down to the , to the water , and there was a big small , ah , smoke , from ah , coming up from that .	It - It just blew up in the air , and then we saw two fireballs go down to the , to the water , and there was a big small , ah , smoke , from ah , coming up from that .	s1:4	blew	s2:13	saw	BEFORE
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Hewlett-Packard said it now holds 1,384,119 Octel common shares , including 100,000 shares bought from Aug. 26 to Oct. 20 for $ 23.31 to $ 24.25 a share .	In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Hewlett-Packard said it now holds 1,384,119 Octel common shares , including 100,000 shares bought from Aug. 26 to Oct. 20 for $ 23.31 to $ 24.25 a share .	s1:12	holds	s2:21	bought	AFTER
Hewlett-Packard , a Palo Alto , Calif. , computer company , said it acquired the stock `` to develop and maintain a strategic partnership in which each company remains independent while working together to market and sell their products . ''	Hewlett-Packard , a Palo Alto , Calif. , computer company , said it acquired the stock `` to develop and maintain a strategic partnership in which each company remains independent while working together to market and sell their products . ''	s1:18	develop	s2:20	maintain	SIMULTANEOUS
Hewlett-Packard , a Palo Alto , Calif. , computer company , said it acquired the stock `` to develop and maintain a strategic partnership in which each company remains independent while working together to market and sell their products . ''	Hewlett-Packard , a Palo Alto , Calif. , computer company , said it acquired the stock `` to develop and maintain a strategic partnership in which each company remains independent while working together to market and sell their products . ''	s1:20	maintain	s2:28	remains	SIMULTANEOUS
said it raised its stake in Octel Communications Corp. to 8.5 % of the common shares outstanding .	Octel said the purchase was expected .	s1:0	said	s2:1	said	SIMULTANEOUS
According to the filing , Hewlett-Packard acquired 730,070 common shares from Octel as a result of an Aug. 10 , 1988 , stock purchase agreement .	That accord also called for Hewlett-Packard to buy 730,070 Octel shares in the open market within 18 months .	s1:24	agreement	s2:1	accord	IDENTITY
That accord also called for Hewlett-Packard to buy 730,070 Octel shares in the open market within 18 months .	That accord also called for Hewlett-Packard to buy 730,070 Octel shares in the open market within 18 months .	s1:1	accord	s2:3	called	INCLUDES
In addition , Hewlett-Packard acquired a two-year option to buy an extra 10 % , of which half may be sold directly to Hewlett-Packard by Octel .	In addition , Hewlett-Packard acquired a two-year option to buy an extra 10 % , of which half may be sold directly to Hewlett-Packard by Octel .	s1:9	buy	s2:20	sold	BEFORE
In addition , Hewlett-Packard acquired a two-year option to buy an extra 10 % , of which half may be sold directly to Hewlett-Packard by Octel .	In addition , Hewlett-Packard acquired a two-year option to buy an extra 10 % , of which half may be sold directly to Hewlett-Packard by Octel .	s1:4	acquired	s2:9	buy	IBEFORE
Tomorrow the board of supervisors of Loudon county , Virginia , will vote on whether a school now located in Mount Vernon can relocate to their county .	The board will decide whether the Islamic Saudi Academy , funded by the government of Saudi Arabia , can move to Ashburn village , Virginia .	s1:18	located	s2:10	funded	IS_INCLUDED
The academy bought a hundred acres in Loudon county , Virginia , and asked for permission to build a fifty million dollar campus .	The academy bought a hundred acres in Loudon county , Virginia , and asked for permission to build a fifty million dollar campus .	s1:2	bought	s2:13	asked	BEFORE
The academy bought a hundred acres in Loudon county , Virginia , and asked for permission to build a fifty million dollar campus .	In the nearby suburban housing tracts , someone dropped off leaflets warning the school could bring thousands of Middle Eastern strangers and terrorists .	s1:13	asked	s2:8	dropped	BEFORE
In the nearby suburban housing tracts , someone dropped off leaflets warning the school could bring thousands of Middle Eastern strangers and terrorists .	In the nearby suburban housing tracts , someone dropped off leaflets warning the school could bring thousands of Middle Eastern strangers and terrorists .	s1:8	dropped	s2:11	warning	SIMULTANEOUS
In the nearby suburban housing tracts , someone dropped off leaflets warning the school could bring thousands of Middle Eastern strangers and terrorists .	Some residents of the mostly white , mostly middle class area became alarmed .	s1:8	dropped	s2:11	became	BEFORE
In the nearby suburban housing tracts , someone dropped off leaflets warning the school could bring thousands of Middle Eastern strangers and terrorists .	Many local residents denounced the bigotry , but opposition to the school then shifted .	s1:8	dropped	s2:3	denounced	BEFORE
Many local residents denounced the bigotry , but opposition to the school then shifted .	Many local residents denounced the bigotry , but opposition to the school then shifted .	s1:3	denounced	s2:13	shifted	BEFORE
At a public hearing on the Islamic Saudi Academy 's application , the split in county opinion was obvious , supporters of the academy , including Ann Robinson , said the Saudis were just providing a service and it was unfair to penalize children .	At a public hearing on the Islamic Saudi Academy 's application , the split in county opinion was obvious , supporters of the academy , including Ann Robinson , said the Saudis were just providing a service and it was unfair to penalize children .	s1:3	hearing	s2:13	split	INCLUDES
At a public hearing on the Islamic Saudi Academy 's application , the split in county opinion was obvious , supporters of the academy , including Ann Robinson , said the Saudis were just providing a service and it was unfair to penalize children .	But opponents said the school might be a target for terrorist attacks , complained about its tax exempt status , and wondered why the Saudis are not compelled to allow Christians to worship in their country .	s1:3	hearing	s2:2	said	INCLUDES
But opponents said the school might be a target for terrorist attacks , complained about its tax exempt status , and wondered why the Saudis are not compelled to allow Christians to worship in their country .	But opponents said the school might be a target for terrorist attacks , complained about its tax exempt status , and wondered why the Saudis are not compelled to allow Christians to worship in their country .	s1:2	said	s2:13	complained	SIMULTANEOUS
Special events are being organized by the European Commission and individual nations in Europe , North America , and other parts of the world .	Special events are being organized by the European Commission and individual nations in Europe , North America , and other parts of the world .	s1:1	events	s2:4	organized	ENDED_BY
Ms. Atimadi says the war has created a nation of widows .	Women have become the sole support of their families .	s1:4	war	s2:2	become	BEFORE
Women have become the sole support of their families .	Women have become the sole support of their families .	s1:2	become	s2:5	support	ENDED_BY
CANBERRA , Australia -LRB- AP -RRB- _ Qantas will almost double its flights between Australia and India by August in the search for new markets untouched by the crippling Asian financial crisis .	This move comes barely a month after Qantas suspended a number of services between Australia , Indonesia , Thailand and Malaysia in the wake of the Asian economic crisis .	s1:10	double	s2:1	move	IDENTITY
This move comes barely a month after Qantas suspended a number of services between Australia , Indonesia , Thailand and Malaysia in the wake of the Asian economic crisis .	This move comes barely a month after Qantas suspended a number of services between Australia , Indonesia , Thailand and Malaysia in the wake of the Asian economic crisis .	s1:1	move	s2:8	suspended	AFTER
This move comes barely a month after Qantas suspended a number of services between Australia , Indonesia , Thailand and Malaysia in the wake of the Asian economic crisis .	This move comes barely a month after Qantas suspended a number of services between Australia , Indonesia , Thailand and Malaysia in the wake of the Asian economic crisis .	s1:8	suspended	s2:28	crisis	AFTER
The Kearny , N.J.-based maker of hair accessories and other cosmetic products said it cut the dividend due to its third-quarter loss of $ 992,000 , or 15 cents a share .	The Kearny , N.J.-based maker of hair accessories and other cosmetic products said it cut the dividend due to its third-quarter loss of $ 992,000 , or 15 cents a share .	s1:14	cut	s2:21	loss	AFTER
said it plans to aggressively discount its major beer brands , setting the stage for a potentially bruising price war as the maturing industry 's growth continues to slow .	said it plans to aggressively discount its major beer brands , setting the stage for a potentially bruising price war as the maturing industry 's growth continues to slow .	s1:5	discount	s2:11	setting	SIMULTANEOUS
said it plans to aggressively discount its major beer brands , setting the stage for a potentially bruising price war as the maturing industry 's growth continues to slow .	said it plans to aggressively discount its major beer brands , setting the stage for a potentially bruising price war as the maturing industry 's growth continues to slow .	s1:11	setting	s2:19	war	BEFORE
Anheuser said its new strategy -- started in some markets last month and expected to be applied soon in selected markets nationwide -- will mean lower-than-anticipated earnings for the last half of 1989 and for 1990 .	The projection sent Anheuser shares plunging $ 4.375 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday .	s1:1	said	s2:1	projection	IDENTITY
The projection sent Anheuser shares plunging $ 4.375 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday .	The projection sent Anheuser shares plunging $ 4.375 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday .	s1:1	projection	s2:2	sent	SIMULTANEOUS
Jerry Steinman , publisher of Beer Marketers Insights , a trade newsletter , said Anheuser 's announcement means `` everybody else in the industry is going to have a difficult time reaching their profit objectives . ''	Jerry Steinman , publisher of Beer Marketers Insights , a trade newsletter , said Anheuser 's announcement means `` everybody else in the industry is going to have a difficult time reaching their profit objectives . ''	s1:13	said	s2:27	have	BEFORE
Jerry Steinman , publisher of Beer Marketers Insights , a trade newsletter , said Anheuser 's announcement means `` everybody else in the industry is going to have a difficult time reaching their profit objectives . ''	Jerry Steinman , publisher of Beer Marketers Insights , a trade newsletter , said Anheuser 's announcement means `` everybody else in the industry is going to have a difficult time reaching their profit objectives . ''	s1:27	have	s2:31	reaching	SIMULTANEOUS
And because the Federal Reserve has made clear that it expects the economy to slow in coming months as ripple effects from Asia reach the United States , investors disregarded the large jobs gains , betting that neither a rise in interest rates nor resurgent inflation is looming .	And because the Federal Reserve has made clear that it expects the economy to slow in coming months as ripple effects from Asia reach the United States , investors disregarded the large jobs gains , betting that neither a rise in interest rates nor resurgent inflation is looming .	s1:14	slow	s2:23	reach	AFTER
Stocks rose , pushing the Dow Jones industrial average up 72.24 points , to 8,189.49 , leaving the index within 70 points of its record high set on Aug. 6 .	Stocks rose , pushing the Dow Jones industrial average up 72.24 points , to 8,189.49 , leaving the index within 70 points of its record high set on Aug. 6 .	s1:1	rose	s2:3	pushing	SIMULTANEOUS
Stocks rose , pushing the Dow Jones industrial average up 72.24 points , to 8,189.49 , leaving the index within 70 points of its record high set on Aug. 6 .	Stocks rose , pushing the Dow Jones industrial average up 72.24 points , to 8,189.49 , leaving the index within 70 points of its record high set on Aug. 6 .	s1:1	rose	s2:16	leaving	SIMULTANEOUS
The job figures for January extended a surge in employment gains that began last fall , just when the labor market had showed signs of cooling .	The job figures for January extended a surge in employment gains that began last fall , just when the labor market had showed signs of cooling .	s1:12	began	s2:22	showed	SIMULTANEOUS
After accounting for a small downward revision Friday to December 's figures , the economy has been creating jobs at a rate of 358,000 a month for the last four months _ and 381,000 over the last three months _ after averaging 242,000 for the first nine months of 1997 .	After accounting for a small downward revision Friday to December 's figures , the economy has been creating jobs at a rate of 358,000 a month for the last four months _ and 381,000 over the last three months _ after averaging 242,000 for the first nine months of 1997 .	s1:17	creating	s2:41	averaging	AFTER
NEW YORK _ A Brooklyn woman who was watching her clothes dry in a laundromat was killed Thursday evening when two would-be robbers emptied their pistols into the store , the police said .	NEW YORK _ A Brooklyn woman who was watching her clothes dry in a laundromat was killed Thursday evening when two would-be robbers emptied their pistols into the store , the police said .	s1:8	watching	s2:16	killed	ENDED_BY
NEW YORK _ A Brooklyn woman who was watching her clothes dry in a laundromat was killed Thursday evening when two would-be robbers emptied their pistols into the store , the police said .	NEW YORK _ A Brooklyn woman who was watching her clothes dry in a laundromat was killed Thursday evening when two would-be robbers emptied their pistols into the store , the police said .	s1:16	killed	s2:23	emptied	SIMULTANEOUS
The men appeared in the store at 469 Vermont St. in Brownsville around 7:15 p.m. , after the victim , Linda Sanders , 35 , had finished her cleaning and was waiting for her clothes to dry , detectives said .	The men appeared in the store at 469 Vermont St. in Brownsville around 7:15 p.m. , after the victim , Linda Sanders , 35 , had finished her cleaning and was waiting for her clothes to dry , detectives said .	s1:2	appeared	s2:26	finished	AFTER
Victor Miranda , who lives in Ms. Sanders ' apartment building at 405 Williams Ave. , said the laundry machines in the building were removed a few years ago to make room for management offices .	Victor Miranda , who lives in Ms. Sanders ' apartment building at 405 Williams Ave. , said the laundry machines in the building were removed a few years ago to make room for management offices .	s1:16	said	s2:24	removed	AFTER
Sun Microsystems Inc. , snapping back to profitability after its first quarterly loss as a public firm , said it earned $ 5.2 million , or seven cents a share , in the fiscal first quarter .	Sun Microsystems Inc. , snapping back to profitability after its first quarterly loss as a public firm , said it earned $ 5.2 million , or seven cents a share , in the fiscal first quarter .	s1:4	snapping	s2:20	earned	SIMULTANEOUS
Sun Microsystems Inc. , snapping back to profitability after its first quarterly loss as a public firm , said it earned $ 5.2 million , or seven cents a share , in the fiscal first quarter .	Earlier this month , the company said it expected to break even for the quarter on sales of $ 530 million .	s1:18	said	s2:6	said	AFTER
In a statement , Scott McNealy , Sun 's chief executive officer , said the company 's performance was hampered by problems tied to the introduction of a major new family of computers in April .	In a statement , Scott McNealy , Sun 's chief executive officer , said the company 's performance was hampered by problems tied to the introduction of a major new family of computers in April .	s1:19	hampered	s2:25	introduction	AFTER
In a statement , Scott McNealy , Sun 's chief executive officer , said the company 's performance was hampered by problems tied to the introduction of a major new family of computers in April .	More than two-thirds of the systems shipped , meanwhile , were products introduced in April .	s1:25	introduction	s2:12	introduced	IDENTITY
Recently , analysts have said Sun also is vulnerable to competition from International Business Machines Corp. , which plans to introduce a group of workstations early next year , and Next Inc. .	Recently , analysts have said Sun also is vulnerable to competition from International Business Machines Corp. , which plans to introduce a group of workstations early next year , and Next Inc. .	s1:8	vulnerable	s2:18	plans	SIMULTANEOUS
The directors added that the two executives have n't reached a final decision to proceed with a bid and that until an offer is made the board will continue seeking higher offers from other bidders .	The directors added that the two executives have n't reached a final decision to proceed with a bid and that until an offer is made the board will continue seeking higher offers from other bidders .	s1:9	reached	s2:12	decision	ENDED_BY
The directors added that the two executives have n't reached a final decision to proceed with a bid and that until an offer is made the board will continue seeking higher offers from other bidders .	The directors added that the two executives have n't reached a final decision to proceed with a bid and that until an offer is made the board will continue seeking higher offers from other bidders .	s1:2	added	s2:9	reached	IS_INCLUDED
The directors said if Messrs. Drabinsky and Gottlieb mail an offer to shareholders by Nov. 22 , it will reimburse them a maximum of C$ 8.5 million for expenses related to a bid .	The directors said if Messrs. Drabinsky and Gottlieb mail an offer to shareholders by Nov. 22 , it will reimburse them a maximum of C$ 8.5 million for expenses related to a bid .	s1:8	mail	s2:10	offer	IDENTITY
`` We consider that his bid is an acceptable bid , '' said Sandra Kolber , spokeswoman for the independent directors ' committee appointed last May to solicit and review bids for the company in the wake of a dispute between Mr. Drabinsky and Cineplex 's major shareholder , MCA Inc. .	`` We consider that his bid is an acceptable bid , '' said Sandra Kolber , spokeswoman for the independent directors ' committee appointed last May to solicit and review bids for the company in the wake of a dispute between Mr. Drabinsky and Cineplex 's major shareholder , MCA Inc. .	s1:12	said	s2:23	appointed	AFTER
Last April , Mr. Drabinsky and a group of financial backers planned to acquire up to 30.2 % of Cineplex for C$ 17.50 a share from Bronfman associates .	MCA strongly opposed the Drabinsky group 's move .	s1:11	planned	s2:2	opposed	BEFORE
Last April , Mr. Drabinsky and a group of financial backers planned to acquire up to 30.2 % of Cineplex for C$ 17.50 a share from Bronfman associates .	Mr. Drabinsky , who would have had the right to vote those shares for two years , said the purchase , subsequently rejected by regulators , was aimed at consolidating his control of the company .	s1:13	acquire	s2:19	purchase	IS_INCLUDED
Mr. Drabinsky , who would have had the right to vote those shares for two years , said the purchase , subsequently rejected by regulators , was aimed at consolidating his control of the company .	Mr. Drabinsky , who would have had the right to vote those shares for two years , said the purchase , subsequently rejected by regulators , was aimed at consolidating his control of the company .	s1:6	had	s2:19	purchase	BEFORE
The directors did n't indicate the source of financing for Mr. Drabinsky 's new proposal , but said MCA and the Bronfman associates agreed in principle to buy for $ 57 million and then lease back to Cineplex its 18-screen theater complex in Universal City , Calif. , if Mr. Drabinsky succeeds in an offer .	The directors did n't indicate the source of financing for Mr. Drabinsky 's new proposal , but said MCA and the Bronfman associates agreed in principle to buy for $ 57 million and then lease back to Cineplex its 18-screen theater complex in Universal City , Calif. , if Mr. Drabinsky succeeds in an offer .	s1:27	buy	s2:34	lease	BEFORE
The directors did n't indicate the source of financing for Mr. Drabinsky 's new proposal , but said MCA and the Bronfman associates agreed in principle to buy for $ 57 million and then lease back to Cineplex its 18-screen theater complex in Universal City , Calif. , if Mr. Drabinsky succeeds in an offer .	The directors did n't indicate the source of financing for Mr. Drabinsky 's new proposal , but said MCA and the Bronfman associates agreed in principle to buy for $ 57 million and then lease back to Cineplex its 18-screen theater complex in Universal City , Calif. , if Mr. Drabinsky succeeds in an offer .	s1:27	buy	s2:51	succeeds	AFTER
Cineplex shareholders responded coolly to yesterday 's announcement .	Cineplex shareholders responded coolly to yesterday 's announcement .	s1:2	responded	s2:7	announcement	AFTER
A federal appeals court has reinstated his state convictions for securities fraud .	That means the convictions stand , a ruling likely to send Keating 's lawyers back to state court where they must start over with a new appeal .	s1:5	reinstated	s2:4	stand	IDENTITY
In nineteen ninety-one Charles Keating was convicted in state court of helping to defraud thousands of investors who bought high risk junk bonds sold by Keating 's employees at Lincoln savings and loan .	In nineteen ninety-one Charles Keating was convicted in state court of helping to defraud thousands of investors who bought high risk junk bonds sold by Keating 's employees at Lincoln savings and loan .	s1:6	convicted	s2:13	defraud	AFTER
In nineteen ninety-one Charles Keating was convicted in state court of helping to defraud thousands of investors who bought high risk junk bonds sold by Keating 's employees at Lincoln savings and loan .	In nineteen ninety-one Charles Keating was convicted in state court of helping to defraud thousands of investors who bought high risk junk bonds sold by Keating 's employees at Lincoln savings and loan .	s1:6	convicted	s2:11	helping	AFTER
A federal appeals court has reinstated his state convictions for securities fraud .	In nineteen ninety-one Charles Keating was convicted in state court of helping to defraud thousands of investors who bought high risk junk bonds sold by Keating 's employees at Lincoln savings and loan .	s1:8	convictions	s2:6	convicted	IAFTER
In nineteen ninety-one Charles Keating was convicted in state court of helping to defraud thousands of investors who bought high risk junk bonds sold by Keating 's employees at Lincoln savings and loan .	In nineteen ninety-one Charles Keating was convicted in state court of helping to defraud thousands of investors who bought high risk junk bonds sold by Keating 's employees at Lincoln savings and loan .	s1:18	bought	s2:23	sold	SIMULTANEOUS
The bonds became worthless when the bankrupt thrift was seized by government regulators .	The bonds became worthless when the bankrupt thrift was seized by government regulators .	s1:2	became	s2:9	seized	SIMULTANEOUS
In nineteen ninety-one Charles Keating was convicted in state court of helping to defraud thousands of investors who bought high risk junk bonds sold by Keating 's employees at Lincoln savings and loan .	The bonds became worthless when the bankrupt thrift was seized by government regulators .	s1:23	sold	s2:2	became	BEFORE
Keating 's convictions were thrown out in nineteen ninety-six on a technicality .	Keating 's convictions were thrown out in nineteen ninety-six on a technicality .	s1:2	convictions	s2:4	thrown	BEFORE
A federal appeals court has reinstated his state convictions for securities fraud .	Keating 's convictions were thrown out in nineteen ninety-six on a technicality .	s1:8	convictions	s2:2	convictions	IDENTITY
Keating 's convictions were thrown out in nineteen ninety-six on a technicality .	And on that basis Keating was released from prison before he was eligible for parole .	s1:4	thrown	s2:6	released	BEFORE
In nineteen ninety-one Charles Keating was convicted in state court of helping to defraud thousands of investors who bought high risk junk bonds sold by Keating 's employees at Lincoln savings and loan .	Now the ninth US circuit court of appeals has ruled that the original appeal was flawed since it brought up issues that had not been raised before .	s1:6	convicted	s2:25	raised	IAFTER
That means the convictions stand , a ruling likely to send Keating 's lawyers back to state court where they must start over with a new appeal .	That means the convictions stand , a ruling likely to send Keating 's lawyers back to state court where they must start over with a new appeal .	s1:10	send	s2:21	start	BEFORE
Net for the year-earlier nine months also included a gain of $ 9.7 million , or 15 cents a share , in the carrying value of the Conner investment .	Net for the year-earlier nine months also included a gain of $ 9.7 million , or 15 cents a share , in the carrying value of the Conner investment .	s1:9	gain	s2:28	investment	AFTER
Michael Swavely , president of Compaq 's North America division , attributed the company 's third-quarter performance to continued increases in international sales , which accounted for 43 % of the company 's sales , a 74 % increase from a year earlier .	Michael Swavely , president of Compaq 's North America division , attributed the company 's third-quarter performance to continued increases in international sales , which accounted for 43 % of the company 's sales , a 74 % increase from a year earlier .	s1:19	increases	s2:38	increase	AFTER
Michael Swavely , president of Compaq 's North America division , attributed the company 's third-quarter performance to continued increases in international sales , which accounted for 43 % of the company 's sales , a 74 % increase from a year earlier .	`` Over the next couple of years we would not be surprised to see Europe and international -LCB- sales -RCB- represent 50 % of the company 's revenues , '' he said .	s1:11	attributed	s2:31	said	IS_INCLUDED
`` Over the next couple of years we would not be surprised to see Europe and international -LCB- sales -RCB- represent 50 % of the company 's revenues , '' he said .	Mr. Swavely said the new space will allow Compaq to increase the manufacturing capacity of its plant in Erskine , Scotland .	s1:31	said	s2:2	said	IDENTITY
During the third quarter , Compaq purchased a former Wang Laboratories manufacturing facility in Stirling , Scotland , which will be used for international service and repair operations .	During the third quarter , Compaq purchased a former Wang Laboratories manufacturing facility in Stirling , Scotland , which will be used for international service and repair operations .	s1:6	purchased	s2:21	used	BEFORE
Amdahl Corp. , a maker of mainframe computers , reported a sharp decline in net income for its third quarter , citing pricecutting by competitors and adverse effects from a strong U.S. dollar .	Amdahl Corp. , a maker of mainframe computers , reported a sharp decline in net income for its third quarter , citing pricecutting by competitors and adverse effects from a strong U.S. dollar .	s1:21	citing	s2:22	pricecutting	AFTER
Amdahl Corp. , a maker of mainframe computers , reported a sharp decline in net income for its third quarter , citing pricecutting by competitors and adverse effects from a strong U.S. dollar .	Amdahl Corp. , a maker of mainframe computers , reported a sharp decline in net income for its third quarter , citing pricecutting by competitors and adverse effects from a strong U.S. dollar .	s1:9	reported	s2:21	citing	SIMULTANEOUS
Delta Air Lines earnings soared 33 % to a record in the fiscal first quarter , bucking the industry trend toward declining profits .	The Atlanta-based airline , the third largest in the U.S. , attributed the increase to higher passenger traffic , new international routes and reduced service by rival Eastern Airlines , which is in bankruptcy proceedings in the wake of a strike that began last spring .	s1:4	soared	s2:13	increase	IDENTITY
The Atlanta-based airline , the third largest in the U.S. , attributed the increase to higher passenger traffic , new international routes and reduced service by rival Eastern Airlines , which is in bankruptcy proceedings in the wake of a strike that began last spring .	The Atlanta-based airline , the third largest in the U.S. , attributed the increase to higher passenger traffic , new international routes and reduced service by rival Eastern Airlines , which is in bankruptcy proceedings in the wake of a strike that began last spring .	s1:11	attributed	s2:13	increase	AFTER
Passenger traffic jumped 14 % in the quarter , while profit per passenger grew 2 % .	Passenger traffic jumped 14 % in the quarter , while profit per passenger grew 2 % .	s1:2	jumped	s2:13	grew	SIMULTANEOUS
Passenger traffic jumped 14 % in the quarter , while profit per passenger grew 2 % .	Delta has benefited more than other carriers from the weakness of Eastern Airlines , which shares the Atlanta hub .	s1:13	grew	s2:2	benefited	SIMULTANEOUS
He succeeds James A. Taylor , who stepped down as chairman , president and chief executive in March for health reasons .	He succeeds James A. Taylor , who stepped down as chairman , president and chief executive in March for health reasons .	s1:1	succeeds	s2:7	stepped	AFTER
The company went public earlier this month , offering 1,745,000 shares of common stock at $ 15 a share .	The company went public earlier this month , offering 1,745,000 shares of common stock at $ 15 a share .	s1:2	went	s2:8	offering	SIMULTANEOUS
Orkem S.A. , a French state-controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence -LRB- $ 7.43 -RRB- a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .	Orkem S.A. , a French state-controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence -LRB- $ 7.43 -RRB- a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .	s1:10	making	s2:13	bid	IDENTITY
The takeover would be followed by a restructuring of Orkem 's U.K. unit , including the addition of related Orkem businesses and possibly further acquisitions .	The takeover would be followed by a restructuring of Orkem 's U.K. unit , including the addition of related Orkem businesses and possibly further acquisitions .	s1:7	restructuring	s2:16	addition	INCLUDES
The takeover would be followed by a restructuring of Orkem 's U.K. unit , including the addition of related Orkem businesses and possibly further acquisitions .	The takeover would be followed by a restructuring of Orkem 's U.K. unit , including the addition of related Orkem businesses and possibly further acquisitions .	s1:7	restructuring	s2:24	acquisitions	INCLUDES
The plan may include selling branches , consolidating or eliminating departments , and winding down or disposing of unprofitable units within 18 months .	The plan may include selling branches , consolidating or eliminating departments , and winding down or disposing of unprofitable units within 18 months .	s1:3	include	s2:4	selling	INCLUDES
Nashua Corp. , rumored a potential takeover target for six months , said that a Dutch company has sought U.S. approval to buy up to 25 % of Nashua 's shares .	Nashua immediately responded by strengthening a poison-pill plan and saying it will buy back up to one million of its shares , or 10.4 % of the 9.6 million outstanding .	s1:12	said	s2:2	responded	IBEFORE
Nashua immediately responded by strengthening a poison-pill plan and saying it will buy back up to one million of its shares , or 10.4 % of the 9.6 million outstanding .	Nashua immediately responded by strengthening a poison-pill plan and saying it will buy back up to one million of its shares , or 10.4 % of the 9.6 million outstanding .	s1:2	responded	s2:4	strengthening	IDENTITY
Nashua immediately responded by strengthening a poison-pill plan and saying it will buy back up to one million of its shares , or 10.4 % of the 9.6 million outstanding .	Nashua immediately responded by strengthening a poison-pill plan and saying it will buy back up to one million of its shares , or 10.4 % of the 9.6 million outstanding .	s1:2	responded	s2:9	saying	IDENTITY
Nashua 's stock has fluctuated sharply on takeover speculation , rising to a high for the year of $ 42.875 a share in June from $ 29.75 in March .	Nashua 's stock has fluctuated sharply on takeover speculation , rising to a high for the year of $ 42.875 a share in June from $ 29.75 in March .	s1:4	fluctuated	s2:10	rising	INCLUDES
Its stock has slumped recently , closing unchanged Friday at $ 29 a share in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange ; at that price , the company has a market value of about $ 278.4 million .	Its stock has slumped recently , closing unchanged Friday at $ 29 a share in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange ; at that price , the company has a market value of about $ 278.4 million .	s1:3	slumped	s2:6	closing	ENDED_BY
Nashua announced the Reiss request after the market closed .	Nashua announced the Reiss request after the market closed .	s1:1	announced	s2:8	closed	AFTER
said it is calling for the redemption on Dec. 7 of all the 800,000 remaining shares outstanding of its $ 1.875 Series A convertible preferred stock at $ 26.805 a share .	The insurance concern said all conversion rights on the stock will terminate on Nov. 30 .	s1:0	said	s2:3	said	IDENTITY
The Internet , the global network of computers , is now far reaching into the country - extending its embrace to include every nook and cranny of the nation - opening doors to not only a diverse range of information sources but also an exhaustive list of possibilities to create new applications which add value to people 's lives .	The Internet , the global network of computers , is now far reaching into the country - extending its embrace to include every nook and cranny of the nation - opening doors to not only a diverse range of information sources but also an exhaustive list of possibilities to create new applications which add value to people 's lives .	s1:21	include	s2:49	create	BEFORE
The Internet , the global network of computers , is now far reaching into the country - extending its embrace to include every nook and cranny of the nation - opening doors to not only a diverse range of information sources but also an exhaustive list of possibilities to create new applications which add value to people 's lives .	The Internet , the global network of computers , is now far reaching into the country - extending its embrace to include every nook and cranny of the nation - opening doors to not only a diverse range of information sources but also an exhaustive list of possibilities to create new applications which add value to people 's lives .	s1:49	create	s2:53	add	DURING
Poughkeepsie Savings Bank said a plan to sell its South Carolina branch offices to First Citizens Bank , of Columbia , S.C. , fell through .	The charge represents a write-down of the goodwill associated with Poughkeepsie 's investment in the banks it is trying to sell and its North Carolina branches as well .	s1:5	plan	s2:18	trying	IS_INCLUDED
The thrift and the holders had suspended their lawsuits as part of the agreement .	The thrift and the holders had suspended their lawsuits as part of the agreement .	s1:6	suspended	s2:13	agreement	IS_INCLUDED
The bank also said its effort would continue past the Nov. 1 deadline set in that agreement and that the litigation between the two sides might resume as a result .	The thrift and the holders had suspended their lawsuits as part of the agreement .	s1:16	agreement	s2:13	agreement	IDENTITY
In the year-earlier quarter , the automobile and trucking insurer had earnings of $ 1.4 million , or 48 cents a share on a restated basis , on revenue of $ 16.5 million .	In the year-earlier quarter , the automobile and trucking insurer had earnings of $ 1.4 million , or 48 cents a share on a restated basis , on revenue of $ 16.5 million .	s1:10	had	s2:11	earnings	IDENTITY
In an interview , W. Brent LeGere , chairman and chief executive officer , said he expects revenue in the latest quarter to total about $ 28 million .	In an interview , W. Brent LeGere , chairman and chief executive officer , said he expects revenue in the latest quarter to total about $ 28 million .	s1:2	interview	s2:14	said	INCLUDES
This man , Eric Rudolph has already been charged in the Birmingham bombing .	This man , Eric Rudolph has already been charged in the Birmingham bombing .	s1:8	charged	s2:12	bombing	AFTER
New evidence is suggesting that a series of bombings in Atalanta and last month 's explosion at an Alabama women 's clinic might be related .	Now officials are investigating whether , Rudolph , who remains at large , is linked to all three attacks .	s1:8	bombings	s2:18	attacks	IDENTITY
This time a bomb at an abortion clinic .	Now officials are investigating whether , Rudolph , who remains at large , is linked to all three attacks .	s1:3	bomb	s2:18	attacks	IS_INCLUDED
And just last month , an off duty policeman is killed when a bomb explodes at another abortion clinic .	Now officials are investigating whether , Rudolph , who remains at large , is linked to all three attacks .	s1:14	explodes	s2:18	attacks	IS_INCLUDED
This time a bomb at an abortion clinic .	Steel plates recovered at the Olympic park bombing appear to match those found at the abortion clinic bombing in Atlanta .	s1:3	bomb	s2:12	found	BEFORE
This man , Eric Rudolph has already been charged in the Birmingham bombing .	Steel plates recovered at the Olympic park bombing appear to match those found at the abortion clinic bombing in Atlanta .	s1:12	bombing	s2:12	found	AFTER
Steel plates recovered at the Olympic park bombing appear to match those found at the abortion clinic bombing in Atlanta .	Steel plates recovered at the Olympic park bombing appear to match those found at the abortion clinic bombing in Atlanta .	s1:2	recovered	s2:12	found	BEFORE
Steel plates recovered at the Olympic park bombing appear to match those found at the abortion clinic bombing in Atlanta .	Steel plates recovered at the Olympic park bombing appear to match those found at the abortion clinic bombing in Atlanta .	s1:12	found	s2:17	bombing	AFTER
Those plates may have come from a machine shop in north Carolina , where a friend of Rudolph worked .	Those plates may have come from a machine shop in north Carolina , where a friend of Rudolph worked .	s1:4	come	s2:18	worked	IS_INCLUDED
But investors are approaching the changes with caution shares of AT and T down nearly four at sixty-one and a half .	But investors are approaching the changes with caution shares of AT and T down nearly four at sixty-one and a half .	s1:3	approaching	s2:5	changes	AFTER
The allied rejection of the last-minute Soviet-led diplomatic effort to avoid the ground war enabled Mr. Bush to seize the initiative from an Iraq seemingly bent on dictating peace terms .	The allied rejection of the last-minute Soviet-led diplomatic effort to avoid the ground war enabled Mr. Bush to seize the initiative from an Iraq seemingly bent on dictating peace terms .	s1:2	rejection	s2:8	effort	IAFTER
The allied rejection of the last-minute Soviet-led diplomatic effort to avoid the ground war enabled Mr. Bush to seize the initiative from an Iraq seemingly bent on dictating peace terms .	The allied rejection of the last-minute Soviet-led diplomatic effort to avoid the ground war enabled Mr. Bush to seize the initiative from an Iraq seemingly bent on dictating peace terms .	s1:2	rejection	s2:14	enabled	SIMULTANEOUS
American officials staunchly disavow any interest in driving through Iraq toward Baghdad , either in pursuit of Saddam Hussein himself or to set up some American-controlled government inside Iraq .	American officials staunchly disavow any interest in driving through Iraq toward Baghdad , either in pursuit of Saddam Hussein himself or to set up some American-controlled government inside Iraq .	s1:7	driving	s2:15	pursuit	BEFORE
American officials staunchly disavow any interest in driving through Iraq toward Baghdad , either in pursuit of Saddam Hussein himself or to set up some American-controlled government inside Iraq .	American officials staunchly disavow any interest in driving through Iraq toward Baghdad , either in pursuit of Saddam Hussein himself or to set up some American-controlled government inside Iraq .	s1:7	driving	s2:22	set	BEFORE
He went on to add that `` in so doing you not only return a nation to its people , but you will destroy the war machine of a ruthless dictator . ''	He went on to add that `` in so doing you not only return a nation to its people , but you will destroy the war machine of a ruthless dictator . ''	s1:9	doing	s2:13	return	BEFORE
He went on to add that `` in so doing you not only return a nation to its people , but you will destroy the war machine of a ruthless dictator . ''	He went on to add that `` in so doing you not only return a nation to its people , but you will destroy the war machine of a ruthless dictator . ''	s1:9	doing	s2:23	destroy	BEFORE
American war planners have long assumed that the early stage of the ground attack , in which American forces would use their speed to sweep around Iraqi defenses and their strength to punch through the relatively weak Iraqi front line , would be the easiest part .	The attack was lightning quick , as allied forces punched through tall sand berms on the border and pushed forward into Iraq and Kuwait .	s1:13	attack	s2:1	attack	IDENTITY
`` Why have a war ? ''	American war planners have long assumed that the early stage of the ground attack , in which American forces would use their speed to sweep around Iraqi defenses and their strength to punch through the relatively weak Iraqi front line , would be the easiest part .	s1:4	war	s2:13	attack	INCLUDES
U.S. and Kuwaiti officials say there are reports that large numbers of civilians from Kuwait City are being rounded up and held by Iraqi troops , apparently either for use as human shields or for use later in bargaining once the war is over .	U.S. and Kuwaiti officials say there are reports that large numbers of civilians from Kuwait City are being rounded up and held by Iraqi troops , apparently either for use as human shields or for use later in bargaining once the war is over .	s1:18	rounded	s2:21	held	IBEFORE
U.S. and Kuwaiti officials say there are reports that large numbers of civilians from Kuwait City are being rounded up and held by Iraqi troops , apparently either for use as human shields or for use later in bargaining once the war is over .	U.S. and Kuwaiti officials say there are reports that large numbers of civilians from Kuwait City are being rounded up and held by Iraqi troops , apparently either for use as human shields or for use later in bargaining once the war is over .	s1:21	held	s2:29	use	BEFORE
The decision was made after Defense Secretary Dick Cheney and Gen. Colin Powell , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , returned from a visit with military commanders in Saudi Arabia , administration officials say .	The decision was made after Defense Secretary Dick Cheney and Gen. Colin Powell , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , returned from a visit with military commanders in Saudi Arabia , administration officials say .	s1:3	made	s2:22	returned	AFTER
The decision was made after Defense Secretary Dick Cheney and Gen. Colin Powell , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , returned from a visit with military commanders in Saudi Arabia , administration officials say .	The decision was made after Defense Secretary Dick Cheney and Gen. Colin Powell , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , returned from a visit with military commanders in Saudi Arabia , administration officials say .	s1:22	returned	s2:25	visit	AFTER
The decision was made after Defense Secretary Dick Cheney and Gen. Colin Powell , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , returned from a visit with military commanders in Saudi Arabia , administration officials say .	Then , a week or so ago , Gen. Schwarzkopf secretly picked Saturday night as the optimal time to start the offensive .	s1:22	returned	s2:11	picked	BEFORE
Iraq was ready to withdraw . ''	Mr. Bush forestalled further diplomatic maneuvering by issuing an ultimatum on behalf of the allies demanding that Iraq withdraw within a week , starting at noon Saturday .	s1:4	withdraw	s2:18	withdraw	IDENTITY
In setting out his final challenge to Saddam Hussein , Mr. Bush continued the intensive personal diplomacy he began after the invasion last August .	In setting out his final challenge to Saddam Hussein , Mr. Bush continued the intensive personal diplomacy he began after the invasion last August .	s1:1	setting	s2:12	continued	INCLUDES
In setting out his final challenge to Saddam Hussein , Mr. Bush continued the intensive personal diplomacy he began after the invasion last August .	In setting out his final challenge to Saddam Hussein , Mr. Bush continued the intensive personal diplomacy he began after the invasion last August .	s1:12	continued	s2:18	began	AFTER
In setting out his final challenge to Saddam Hussein , Mr. Bush continued the intensive personal diplomacy he began after the invasion last August .	In setting out his final challenge to Saddam Hussein , Mr. Bush continued the intensive personal diplomacy he began after the invasion last August .	s1:18	began	s2:21	invasion	AFTER
And when he and President Gorbachev spoke about the decision in a talk lasting nearly an hour , the President took pains to listen to what his counterpart had to say , although he already had decided that the Soviet alternative to the allied deadline was unacceptable .	And when he and President Gorbachev spoke about the decision in a talk lasting nearly an hour , the President took pains to listen to what his counterpart had to say , although he already had decided that the Soviet alternative to the allied deadline was unacceptable .	s1:12	talk	s2:20	took	INCLUDES
And when he and President Gorbachev spoke about the decision in a talk lasting nearly an hour , the President took pains to listen to what his counterpart had to say , although he already had decided that the Soviet alternative to the allied deadline was unacceptable .	And when he and President Gorbachev spoke about the decision in a talk lasting nearly an hour , the President took pains to listen to what his counterpart had to say , although he already had decided that the Soviet alternative to the allied deadline was unacceptable .	s1:12	talk	s2:36	decided	AFTER
The U.S. hopes its troops will drive Iraqi forces out of Kuwait quickly , leaving much of Iraq 's offensive military equipment destroyed or abandoned in Kuwait .	The U.S. hopes its troops will drive Iraqi forces out of Kuwait quickly , leaving much of Iraq 's offensive military equipment destroyed or abandoned in Kuwait .	s1:6	drive	s2:14	leaving	SIMULTANEOUS
The U.S. hopes its troops will drive Iraqi forces out of Kuwait quickly , leaving much of Iraq 's offensive military equipment destroyed or abandoned in Kuwait .	The U.S. hopes its troops will drive Iraqi forces out of Kuwait quickly , leaving much of Iraq 's offensive military equipment destroyed or abandoned in Kuwait .	s1:14	leaving	s2:24	abandoned	BEFORE
The U.S. hopes its troops will drive Iraqi forces out of Kuwait quickly , leaving much of Iraq 's offensive military equipment destroyed or abandoned in Kuwait .	The U.S. hopes its troops will drive Iraqi forces out of Kuwait quickly , leaving much of Iraq 's offensive military equipment destroyed or abandoned in Kuwait .	s1:14	leaving	s2:22	destroyed	BEFORE
If the allies succeed , Saddam Hussein will have plunged his country first into a fruitless eight-year war against Iran and then into a humiliating war against the U.S. and the allies to defend his conquest of Kuwait , leaving much of his country 's military establishment and modern infrastructure in ruins .	If the allies succeed , Saddam Hussein will have plunged his country first into a fruitless eight-year war against Iran and then into a humiliating war against the U.S. and the allies to defend his conquest of Kuwait , leaving much of his country 's military establishment and modern infrastructure in ruins .	s1:17	war	s2:25	war	BEFORE
If the allies succeed , Saddam Hussein will have plunged his country first into a fruitless eight-year war against Iran and then into a humiliating war against the U.S. and the allies to defend his conquest of Kuwait , leaving much of his country 's military establishment and modern infrastructure in ruins .	If the allies succeed , Saddam Hussein will have plunged his country first into a fruitless eight-year war against Iran and then into a humiliating war against the U.S. and the allies to defend his conquest of Kuwait , leaving much of his country 's military establishment and modern infrastructure in ruins .	s1:25	war	s2:39	leaving	IBEFORE
`` Why have a war ? ''	If the allies succeed , Saddam Hussein will have plunged his country first into a fruitless eight-year war against Iran and then into a humiliating war against the U.S. and the allies to defend his conquest of Kuwait , leaving much of his country 's military establishment and modern infrastructure in ruins .	s1:4	war	s2:25	war	IDENTITY
The real problem with the Soviet proposals , U.S. officials now say , was that they all would have required lifting economic sanctions against Iraq .	Meanwhile , the U.S. hopes , economic sanctions and an international arms embargo will remain in effect until Iraq pays war reparations to Kuwait to cover war damages .	s1:22	sanctions	s2:7	sanctions	IDENTITY
Meanwhile , the U.S. hopes , economic sanctions and an international arms embargo will remain in effect until Iraq pays war reparations to Kuwait to cover war damages .	Meanwhile , the U.S. hopes , economic sanctions and an international arms embargo will remain in effect until Iraq pays war reparations to Kuwait to cover war damages .	s1:7	sanctions	s2:12	embargo	SIMULTANEOUS
Despite the lack of any obvious successors , the Iraqi leader 's internal power base appeared to be narrowing even before the war began .	Despite the lack of any obvious successors , the Iraqi leader 's internal power base appeared to be narrowing even before the war began .	s1:15	appeared	s2:22	war	BEFORE
`` Why have a war ? ''	Despite the lack of any obvious successors , the Iraqi leader 's internal power base appeared to be narrowing even before the war began .	s1:4	war	s2:22	war	IDENTITY
`` We looked to the United States , we expected you to have the moral edge , '' says Nasser Tahboub , a Jerusalem-born Jordanian who has an American wife and a doctorate in political science from Duke University .	`` We looked to the United States , we expected you to have the moral edge , '' says Nasser Tahboub , a Jerusalem-born Jordanian who has an American wife and a doctorate in political science from Duke University .	s1:2	looked	s2:9	expected	BEFORE
`` We looked to the United States , we expected you to have the moral edge , '' says Nasser Tahboub , a Jerusalem-born Jordanian who has an American wife and a doctorate in political science from Duke University .	`` Now we see that edge eroded .	s1:9	expected	s2:3	see	BEFORE
Mr. Lortie joined Provigo in 1985 and spearheaded the company 's drive to grow outside its traditional food business .	Mr. Lortie joined Provigo in 1985 and spearheaded the company 's drive to grow outside its traditional food business .	s1:2	joined	s2:7	spearheaded	BEFORE
Mr. Lortie joined Provigo in 1985 and spearheaded the company 's drive to grow outside its traditional food business .	Mr. Lortie joined Provigo in 1985 and spearheaded the company 's drive to grow outside its traditional food business .	s1:7	spearheaded	s2:11	drive	BEGINS
In a related move , Pierre Lortie , chairman and chief executive , resigned .	Bertin Nadeau , newly appointed chairman and interim chief executive of Provigo , would n't say if Mr. Lortie was asked to leave .	s1:13	resigned	s2:4	appointed	BEFORE
N.V. DSM said net income in the third quarter jumped 63 % as the company had substantially lower extraordinary charges to account for a restructuring program .	The 32 % state-owned DSM had eight million guilders of extraordinary charges in the latest quarter , mainly to reflect one-time losses in connection with the disposal of some operations .	s1:19	charges	s2:11	charges	IDENTITY
With the general election due this September , record figures could n't have come at a worst time for Chancellor Kohl .	With the general election due this September , record figures could n't have come at a worst time for Chancellor Kohl .	s1:3	election	s2:13	come	AFTER
Columbia Savings amp Loan Association , reeling from thrift-accounting changes mandated by Congress and the recent collapse of the junk-bond market , announced a loss for the third quarter of $ 226.3 million , or $ 11.57 a share .	Columbia Savings amp Loan Association , reeling from thrift-accounting changes mandated by Congress and the recent collapse of the junk-bond market , announced a loss for the third quarter of $ 226.3 million , or $ 11.57 a share .	s1:6	reeling	s2:22	announced	INCLUDES
Much of Columbia 's junk-bond trading has been done through the high-yield department of its Beverly Hills neighbor , Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. .	Much of Columbia 's junk-bond trading has been done through the high-yield department of its Beverly Hills neighbor , Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. .	s1:5	trading	s2:8	done	SIMULTANEOUS
The Los Angeles thrift holding company said it had a loss of $ 92.2 million , or $ 6.98 a share , for the quarter ended Sept. 30 .	Coast earned $ 10.2 million , or 67 cents a share , in the year-ago quarter .	s1:8	had	s2:1	earned	AFTER
posted a 20 % gain in third-quarter net income .	After a flat second quarter tied largely to lower newsprint earnings , Kimberly-Clark attributed the gain to improved results in its consumer businesses in North America , Brazil and Korea .	s1:4	gain	s2:15	gain	IDENTITY
After a flat second quarter tied largely to lower newsprint earnings , Kimberly-Clark attributed the gain to improved results in its consumer businesses in North America , Brazil and Korea .	After a flat second quarter tied largely to lower newsprint earnings , Kimberly-Clark attributed the gain to improved results in its consumer businesses in North America , Brazil and Korea .	s1:15	gain	s2:18	results	AFTER
The quarter-to-quarter comparison was also enhanced by charges taken in the year-earlier period , including $ 11 million related to the modernization of a pulp and newsprint mill in Alabama .	The quarter-to-quarter comparison was also enhanced by charges taken in the year-earlier period , including $ 11 million related to the modernization of a pulp and newsprint mill in Alabama .	s1:7	charges	s2:8	taken	IDENTITY
The quarter-to-quarter comparison was also enhanced by charges taken in the year-earlier period , including $ 11 million related to the modernization of a pulp and newsprint mill in Alabama .	The quarter-to-quarter comparison was also enhanced by charges taken in the year-earlier period , including $ 11 million related to the modernization of a pulp and newsprint mill in Alabama .	s1:5	enhanced	s2:7	charges	AFTER
said it agreed to be acquired by Star States Corp. for stock valued at $ 13.75 a share , or about $ 24.4 million .	The acquisition would give Wilmington , Del.-based Star States access to the Pennsylvania market .	s1:5	acquired	s2:1	acquisition	IS_INCLUDED
The acquisition would give Wilmington , Del.-based Star States access to the Pennsylvania market .	The acquisition would give Wilmington , Del.-based Star States access to the Pennsylvania market .	s1:1	acquisition	s2:3	give	IDENTITY
The Persian Gulf showdown between Iraq and the United States took a more personal turn Thursday when Iraq 's Saddam Hussein called President Bush a liar and said the outbreak of holy war could bring thousands of Americans home in coffins .	The Persian Gulf showdown between Iraq and the United States took a more personal turn Thursday when Iraq 's Saddam Hussein called President Bush a liar and said the outbreak of holy war could bring thousands of Americans home in coffins .	s1:3	showdown	s2:10	took	INCLUDES
The Persian Gulf showdown between Iraq and the United States took a more personal turn Thursday when Iraq 's Saddam Hussein called President Bush a liar and said the outbreak of holy war could bring thousands of Americans home in coffins .	The Persian Gulf showdown between Iraq and the United States took a more personal turn Thursday when Iraq 's Saddam Hussein called President Bush a liar and said the outbreak of holy war could bring thousands of Americans home in coffins .	s1:10	took	s2:21	called	BEGUN_BY
The Persian Gulf showdown between Iraq and the United States took a more personal turn Thursday when Iraq 's Saddam Hussein called President Bush a liar and said the outbreak of holy war could bring thousands of Americans home in coffins .	The Persian Gulf showdown between Iraq and the United States took a more personal turn Thursday when Iraq 's Saddam Hussein called President Bush a liar and said the outbreak of holy war could bring thousands of Americans home in coffins .	s1:10	took	s2:27	said	BEGUN_BY
Bush , commenting on the two-week gulf crisis from his vacation home in Maine , said he saw little reason to be optimistic about a settlement of the dispute , which stems from Iraq 's invasion of oil-wealthy Kuwait and its subsequent military buildup on the border of Saudi Arabia .	Bush , commenting on the two-week gulf crisis from his vacation home in Maine , said he saw little reason to be optimistic about a settlement of the dispute , which stems from Iraq 's invasion of oil-wealthy Kuwait and its subsequent military buildup on the border of Saudi Arabia .	s1:2	commenting	s2:15	said	INCLUDES
Bush , commenting on the two-week gulf crisis from his vacation home in Maine , said he saw little reason to be optimistic about a settlement of the dispute , which stems from Iraq 's invasion of oil-wealthy Kuwait and its subsequent military buildup on the border of Saudi Arabia .	Bush , commenting on the two-week gulf crisis from his vacation home in Maine , said he saw little reason to be optimistic about a settlement of the dispute , which stems from Iraq 's invasion of oil-wealthy Kuwait and its subsequent military buildup on the border of Saudi Arabia .	s1:28	dispute	s2:35	invasion	AFTER
Bush , commenting on the two-week gulf crisis from his vacation home in Maine , said he saw little reason to be optimistic about a settlement of the dispute , which stems from Iraq 's invasion of oil-wealthy Kuwait and its subsequent military buildup on the border of Saudi Arabia .	An international land , sea and air force has mobilized since Iraq 's invasion , which was sparked by disputes over oil , land and repayment of war loans .	s1:35	invasion	s2:13	invasion	IDENTITY
Bush , commenting on the two-week gulf crisis from his vacation home in Maine , said he saw little reason to be optimistic about a settlement of the dispute , which stems from Iraq 's invasion of oil-wealthy Kuwait and its subsequent military buildup on the border of Saudi Arabia .	Bush , commenting on the two-week gulf crisis from his vacation home in Maine , said he saw little reason to be optimistic about a settlement of the dispute , which stems from Iraq 's invasion of oil-wealthy Kuwait and its subsequent military buildup on the border of Saudi Arabia .	s1:35	invasion	s2:43	buildup	IBEFORE
Bush , commenting on the two-week gulf crisis from his vacation home in Maine , said he saw little reason to be optimistic about a settlement of the dispute , which stems from Iraq 's invasion of oil-wealthy Kuwait and its subsequent military buildup on the border of Saudi Arabia .	Bush , commenting on the two-week gulf crisis from his vacation home in Maine , said he saw little reason to be optimistic about a settlement of the dispute , which stems from Iraq 's invasion of oil-wealthy Kuwait and its subsequent military buildup on the border of Saudi Arabia .	s1:28	dispute	s2:43	buildup	AFTER
At a news conference , Secretary of State James A. Baker III said Jordan '' is seeking some guidance '' about a provision in the U.N.-backed trade embargo that allows food for humanitarian purposes .	At a news conference , Secretary of State James A. Baker III said Jordan '' is seeking some guidance '' about a provision in the U.N.-backed trade embargo that allows food for humanitarian purposes .	s1:3	conference	s2:12	said	INCLUDES
Iraqi military authorities ordered all Americans and Britons in Kuwait to assemble at a hotel , officials said .	Iraq said the roundup was to protect them from unspecified threats ; British Foreign Office minister William Waldegrave called the order `` grave and sinister . ''	s1:3	ordered	s2:18	called	BEFORE
In a long verbal attack read on Iraqi television Thursday , Saddam repeatedly called Bush `` a liar '' and said a shooting war could produce body bags courtesy of Baghdad .	In a long verbal attack read on Iraqi television Thursday , Saddam repeatedly called Bush `` a liar '' and said a shooting war could produce body bags courtesy of Baghdad .	s1:4	attack	s2:13	called	INCLUDES
In a long verbal attack read on Iraqi television Thursday , Saddam repeatedly called Bush `` a liar '' and said a shooting war could produce body bags courtesy of Baghdad .	In a long verbal attack read on Iraqi television Thursday , Saddam repeatedly called Bush `` a liar '' and said a shooting war could produce body bags courtesy of Baghdad .	s1:4	attack	s2:20	said	INCLUDES
In a long verbal attack read on Iraqi television Thursday , Saddam repeatedly called Bush `` a liar '' and said a shooting war could produce body bags courtesy of Baghdad .	`` We continue to pray and pray hard to God so that there will be no confrontation whereby you will receive thousands of Americans wrapped in sad coffins after you had pushed them into a dark tunnel , '' Saddam said .	s1:4	attack	s2:40	said	INCLUDES
`` We continue to pray and pray hard to God so that there will be no confrontation whereby you will receive thousands of Americans wrapped in sad coffins after you had pushed them into a dark tunnel , '' Saddam said .	`` We continue to pray and pray hard to God so that there will be no confrontation whereby you will receive thousands of Americans wrapped in sad coffins after you had pushed them into a dark tunnel , '' Saddam said .	s1:16	confrontation	s2:20	receive	BEFORE
`` We continue to pray and pray hard to God so that there will be no confrontation whereby you will receive thousands of Americans wrapped in sad coffins after you had pushed them into a dark tunnel , '' Saddam said .	`` We continue to pray and pray hard to God so that there will be no confrontation whereby you will receive thousands of Americans wrapped in sad coffins after you had pushed them into a dark tunnel , '' Saddam said .	s1:20	receive	s2:31	pushed	AFTER
He called U.S. soldiers massing in Saudi Arabia the real occupiers in the Persian Gulf .	In the largest U.S. military operation since Vietnam , an estimated 20,000 American GIs have already massed to defend Saudi Arabia .	s1:4	massing	s2:16	massed	IDENTITY
In the air , U.S. Air Force fliers say they have engaged in `` a little cat and mouse '' with Iraqi warplanes , which have retreated when weapons radar locks onto them .	In the air , U.S. Air Force fliers say they have engaged in `` a little cat and mouse '' with Iraqi warplanes , which have retreated when weapons radar locks onto them .	s1:11	engaged	s2:26	retreated	BEFORE
In the air , U.S. Air Force fliers say they have engaged in `` a little cat and mouse '' with Iraqi warplanes , which have retreated when weapons radar locks onto them .	In the air , U.S. Air Force fliers say they have engaged in `` a little cat and mouse '' with Iraqi warplanes , which have retreated when weapons radar locks onto them .	s1:26	retreated	s2:30	locks	AFTER
Aqaba is Iraq 's only outlet now that an international noose has tightened .	Aqaba is Iraq 's only outlet now that an international noose has tightened .	s1:5	outlet	s2:12	tightened	BEGUN_BY
`` It 's our only outlet to the sea and the rest of the world , '' Hussein said .	A day earlier , scores of trucks , many with Iraqi license plates , streamed north out of Aqaba to Amman and onto the desert highway bound for Iraq .	s1:18	said	s2:14	streamed	AFTER
The Jordanian monarch met this week with Saddam , but he told reporters he had no message from Baghdad .	The Jordanian monarch met this week with Saddam , but he told reporters he had no message from Baghdad .	s1:3	met	s2:11	told	BEFORE
Meanwhile , Egypt 's official Middle East News Agency said Thursday that Saddam was the target of an assassination attempt , which led to `` large-scale '' arrests , including some close associates of the Iraqi strongman .	Meanwhile , Egypt 's official Middle East News Agency said Thursday that Saddam was the target of an assassination attempt , which led to `` large-scale '' arrests , including some close associates of the Iraqi strongman .	s1:19	attempt	s2:22	led	IDENTITY
Meanwhile , Egypt 's official Middle East News Agency said Thursday that Saddam was the target of an assassination attempt , which led to `` large-scale '' arrests , including some close associates of the Iraqi strongman .	Meanwhile , Egypt 's official Middle East News Agency said Thursday that Saddam was the target of an assassination attempt , which led to `` large-scale '' arrests , including some close associates of the Iraqi strongman .	s1:19	attempt	s2:27	arrests	BEFORE
You can get seventy percent discounts at the shopping malls .	You can get seventy percent discounts at the shopping malls .	s1:2	get	s2:5	discounts	SIMULTANEOUS
And at the big brokerage houses , after ten years of boom , they 're talking about layoffs .	And at the big brokerage houses , after ten years of boom , they 're talking about layoffs .	s1:15	talking	s2:17	layoffs	BEFORE
To either hold on tight or get out , as much of Asia goes into recession .	To either hold on tight or get out , as much of Asia goes into recession .	s1:13	goes	s2:15	recession	BEGINS
said it expects to report a charge of $ 5.3 million related to the sale of its aluminum unit 's extrusion division for the third quarter .	said it expects to report a charge of $ 5.3 million related to the sale of its aluminum unit 's extrusion division for the third quarter .	s1:0	said	s2:6	charge	AFTER
said it expects to report a charge of $ 5.3 million related to the sale of its aluminum unit 's extrusion division for the third quarter .	said it expects to report a charge of $ 5.3 million related to the sale of its aluminum unit 's extrusion division for the third quarter .	s1:6	charge	s2:14	sale	AFTER
said it expects to report a charge of $ 5.3 million related to the sale of its aluminum unit 's extrusion division for the third quarter .	said it expects to report a charge of $ 5.3 million related to the sale of its aluminum unit 's extrusion division for the third quarter .	s1:0	said	s2:14	sale	AFTER
National Intergroup in the year-ago third quarter earned $ 22.5 million , or 97 cents a share , including a gain of $ 18 million from the sale of a steel tube company .	National Intergroup in the year-ago third quarter earned $ 22.5 million , or 97 cents a share , including a gain of $ 18 million from the sale of a steel tube company .	s1:7	earned	s2:20	gain	INCLUDES
National Intergroup in the year-ago third quarter earned $ 22.5 million , or 97 cents a share , including a gain of $ 18 million from the sale of a steel tube company .	National Intergroup in the year-ago third quarter earned $ 22.5 million , or 97 cents a share , including a gain of $ 18 million from the sale of a steel tube company .	s1:20	gain	s2:27	sale	AFTER
Officials in California are warning residents that oncoming rains will cause dangerous and unpredictable landslides .	Officials in California are warning residents that oncoming rains will cause dangerous and unpredictable landslides .	s1:4	warning	s2:8	rains	BEFORE
Officials in California are warning residents that oncoming rains will cause dangerous and unpredictable landslides .	Officials in California are warning residents that oncoming rains will cause dangerous and unpredictable landslides .	s1:8	rains	s2:14	landslides	BEFORE
Officials in California are warning residents that oncoming rains will cause dangerous and unpredictable landslides .	Officials in California are warning residents that oncoming rains will cause dangerous and unpredictable landslides .	s1:8	rains	s2:10	cause	IDENTITY
In Los Angeles that lesson was brought home today when tons of earth cascaded down a hillside , ripping two houses from their foundations .	No one was hurt , but firefighters ordered the evacuation of nearby homes and said they 'll monitor the shifting ground .	s1:13	cascaded	s2:7	ordered	IBEFORE
No one was hurt , but firefighters ordered the evacuation of nearby homes and said they 'll monitor the shifting ground .	No one was hurt , but firefighters ordered the evacuation of nearby homes and said they 'll monitor the shifting ground .	s1:7	ordered	s2:14	said	SIMULTANEOUS
Forecasters say the picture will get worse because more rains are on the way .	Forecasters say the picture will get worse because more rains are on the way .	s1:1	say	s2:9	rains	BEFORE
Forecasters say the picture will get worse because more rains are on the way .	Forecasters say the picture will get worse because more rains are on the way .	s1:5	get	s2:9	rains	AFTER
While the expansion of the Internet has been a blessing for researchers , students and the just plain curious , the new opportunities mentioned by Mr. Gates are also being used by some rather unsavory characters .	And many of them are using the Internet to spread their messages of racial superiority .	s1:30	used	s2:5	using	IDENTITY
A new report says there has been a dramatic rise in the growth of hate groups in the United States over the past year .	A new report says there has been a dramatic rise in the growth of hate groups in the United States over the past year .	s1:9	rise	s2:12	growth	IS_INCLUDED
A new report says there has been a dramatic rise in the growth of hate groups in the United States over the past year .	The Southern Poverty Law Center , a civil rights monitoring group based in Montgomery , Alabama , has long monitored such groups as the Ku Klux Klan .	s1:3	says	s2:19	monitored	AFTER
Law enforcement authorities say such reports are likely to increase as police departments are now beginning to more accurately report hate crimes than they have in the past .	Law enforcement authorities say such reports are likely to increase as police departments are now beginning to more accurately report hate crimes than they have in the past .	s1:9	increase	s2:15	beginning	AFTER
Law enforcement authorities say such reports are likely to increase as police departments are now beginning to more accurately report hate crimes than they have in the past .	Law enforcement authorities say such reports are likely to increase as police departments are now beginning to more accurately report hate crimes than they have in the past .	s1:19	report	s2:24	have	AFTER
The US military buildup in the Persian gulf continues apace , more planes headed from the united states and senior officials say Iraq 's president Saddam Hussein can expect punishing air strikes to continue well into the future if he does n't stop building biological and chemical weapons .	The US military buildup in the Persian gulf continues apace , more planes headed from the united states and senior officials say Iraq 's president Saddam Hussein can expect punishing air strikes to continue well into the future if he does n't stop building biological and chemical weapons .	s1:8	continues	s2:13	headed	INCLUDES
The US military buildup in the Persian gulf continues apace , more planes headed from the united states and senior officials say Iraq 's president Saddam Hussein can expect punishing air strikes to continue well into the future if he does n't stop building biological and chemical weapons .	The US military buildup in the Persian gulf continues apace , more planes headed from the united states and senior officials say Iraq 's president Saddam Hussein can expect punishing air strikes to continue well into the future if he does n't stop building biological and chemical weapons .	s1:33	continue	s2:42	stop	AFTER
Saddam will know by our actions and our warning that we will be prepared to act again if we have evidence he is trying to rebuild his weapons of mass destruction capabilities .	Saddam will know by our actions and our warning that we will be prepared to act again if we have evidence he is trying to rebuild his weapons of mass destruction capabilities .	s1:2	know	s2:5	actions	AFTER
Saddam will know by our actions and our warning that we will be prepared to act again if we have evidence he is trying to rebuild his weapons of mass destruction capabilities .	Saddam will know by our actions and our warning that we will be prepared to act again if we have evidence he is trying to rebuild his weapons of mass destruction capabilities .	s1:2	know	s2:8	warning	AFTER
The US military buildup in the Persian gulf continues apace , more planes headed from the united states and senior officials say Iraq 's president Saddam Hussein can expect punishing air strikes to continue well into the future if he does n't stop building biological and chemical weapons .	In a bit of television diplomacy , Iraq 's deputy foreign minister responded from Baghdad in less than one hour , saying Washington would break international law by attacking without UN approval .	s1:21	say	s2:12	responded	BEFORE
In a bit of television diplomacy , Iraq 's deputy foreign minister responded from Baghdad in less than one hour , saying Washington would break international law by attacking without UN approval .	In a bit of television diplomacy , Iraq 's deputy foreign minister responded from Baghdad in less than one hour , saying Washington would break international law by attacking without UN approval .	s1:12	responded	s2:21	saying	INCLUDES
In a bit of television diplomacy , Iraq 's deputy foreign minister responded from Baghdad in less than one hour , saying Washington would break international law by attacking without UN approval .	In a bit of television diplomacy , Iraq 's deputy foreign minister responded from Baghdad in less than one hour , saying Washington would break international law by attacking without UN approval .	s1:28	attacking	s2:31	approval	AFTER
Saddam will know by our actions and our warning that we will be prepared to act again if we have evidence he is trying to rebuild his weapons of mass destruction capabilities .	In a bit of television diplomacy , Iraq 's deputy foreign minister responded from Baghdad in less than one hour , saying Washington would break international law by attacking without UN approval .	s1:15	act	s2:28	attacking	INCLUDES
President Clinton , meantime , glossed over stern warnings from Moscow on Thursday that US air strikes against Iraq could do serious harm to relations with the Kremlin .	President Clinton , meantime , glossed over stern warnings from Moscow on Thursday that US air strikes against Iraq could do serious harm to relations with the Kremlin .	s1:5	glossed	s2:8	warnings	AFTER
President Clinton , meantime , glossed over stern warnings from Moscow on Thursday that US air strikes against Iraq could do serious harm to relations with the Kremlin .	One contrary view of the issue presented itself to the president as he arrived in Philadelphia later in the day .	s1:5	glossed	s2:13	arrived	BEFORE
Nevertheless , the president said Washington would use force if diplomacy fails to force Saddam Hussein to back down .	The Russian foreign minister , meanwhile , sought to soften the harsh words of his military counterpart , saying on Friday that Russia now feels the US must hold off at least until UN secretary general Kofi Annan visits Baghdad in a last-ditch effort at diplomacy .	s1:4	said	s2:7	sought	SIMULTANEOUS
The Russian foreign minister , meanwhile , sought to soften the harsh words of his military counterpart , saying on Friday that Russia now feels the US must hold off at least until UN secretary general Kofi Annan visits Baghdad in a last-ditch effort at diplomacy .	Meanwhile , secretary of state Madeleine Albright , Berger and defense secretary William Cohen announced plans to travel to an unnamed city in the US heartland next week , to explain to the American people just why military force will be necessary if diplomacy fails .	s1:7	sought	s2:14	announced	SIMULTANEOUS
The Russian foreign minister , meanwhile , sought to soften the harsh words of his military counterpart , saying on Friday that Russia now feels the US must hold off at least until UN secretary general Kofi Annan visits Baghdad in a last-ditch effort at diplomacy .	The Russian foreign minister , meanwhile , sought to soften the harsh words of his military counterpart , saying on Friday that Russia now feels the US must hold off at least until UN secretary general Kofi Annan visits Baghdad in a last-ditch effort at diplomacy .	s1:7	sought	s2:18	saying	INCLUDES
West German and French authorities have cleared Dresdner Bank AG 's takeover of a majority stake in Banque Internationale de Placement -LRB- BIP -RRB- , Dresdner Bank said .	West German and French authorities have cleared Dresdner Bank AG 's takeover of a majority stake in Banque Internationale de Placement -LRB- BIP -RRB- , Dresdner Bank said .	s1:6	cleared	s2:11	takeover	AFTER
The approval , which had been expected , permits West Germany 's second-largest bank to acquire shares of the French investment bank .	The approval , which had been expected , permits West Germany 's second-largest bank to acquire shares of the French investment bank .	s1:1	approval	s2:8	permits	IDENTITY
West German and French authorities have cleared Dresdner Bank AG 's takeover of a majority stake in Banque Internationale de Placement -LRB- BIP -RRB- , Dresdner Bank said .	The approval , which had been expected , permits West Germany 's second-largest bank to acquire shares of the French investment bank .	s1:6	cleared	s2:1	approval	IDENTITY
Weisfield 's shares soared on the announcement yesterday , closing up $ 11 to close at $ 50 in national over-the-counter trading .	Weisfield 's shares soared on the announcement yesterday , closing up $ 11 to close at $ 50 in national over-the-counter trading .	s1:3	soared	s2:6	announcement	AFTER
Weisfield 's shares soared on the announcement yesterday , closing up $ 11 to close at $ 50 in national over-the-counter trading .	Weisfield 's shares soared on the announcement yesterday , closing up $ 11 to close at $ 50 in national over-the-counter trading .	s1:3	soared	s2:14	close	ENDED_BY
Weisfield 's shares soared on the announcement yesterday , closing up $ 11 to close at $ 50 in national over-the-counter trading .	Weisfield 's shares soared on the announcement yesterday , closing up $ 11 to close at $ 50 in national over-the-counter trading .	s1:3	soared	s2:21	trading	IS_INCLUDED
Weisfield 's shares soared on the announcement yesterday , closing up $ 11 to close at $ 50 in national over-the-counter trading .	Weisfield 's shares soared on the announcement yesterday , closing up $ 11 to close at $ 50 in national over-the-counter trading .	s1:14	close	s2:21	trading	ENDED_BY
declared a 2-for-1 stock split .	declared a 2-for-1 stock split .	s1:0	declared	s2:4	split	SIMULTANEOUS
declared a 2-for-1 stock split .	The split will raise the number of shares outstanding to about 10.2 million .	s1:4	split	s2:1	split	IDENTITY
The split will raise the number of shares outstanding to about 10.2 million .	The split will raise the number of shares outstanding to about 10.2 million .	s1:1	split	s2:3	raise	BEFORE
said it filed a lawsuit in Delaware Chancery Court to block a tender offer by DPC Acquisition Partners , alleging that the hostile offer violates a standstill agreement between the two concerns .	said it filed a lawsuit in Delaware Chancery Court to block a tender offer by DPC Acquisition Partners , alleging that the hostile offer violates a standstill agreement between the two concerns .	s1:24	violates	s2:27	agreement	AFTER
said it filed a lawsuit in Delaware Chancery Court to block a tender offer by DPC Acquisition Partners , alleging that the hostile offer violates a standstill agreement between the two concerns .	said it filed a lawsuit in Delaware Chancery Court to block a tender offer by DPC Acquisition Partners , alleging that the hostile offer violates a standstill agreement between the two concerns .	s1:23	offer	s2:24	violates	IBEFORE
Shoney 's said the latest restructuring affected bank indebtedness that was incurred to finance $ 585 million of the company 's $ 728 million recapitalization that took place in 1988 .	Shoney 's said the latest restructuring affected bank indebtedness that was incurred to finance $ 585 million of the company 's $ 728 million recapitalization that took place in 1988 .	s1:24	recapitalization	s2:26	took	IDENTITY
said it acquired United Republic Reinsurance Co. , a Houston property and casualty reinsurance company , from United Savings Association of Texas for $ 28 million .	said it acquired United Republic Reinsurance Co. , a Houston property and casualty reinsurance company , from United Savings Association of Texas for $ 28 million .	s1:0	said	s2:2	acquired	AFTER
Lawrence Insurance also sold 3.2 million of its shares for $ 7.125 each to its parent , Lawrence Group Inc. .	By acquiring the shares , Lawrence Group increased its stake in Lawrence Insurance to 93.2 % from 91.2 % .	s1:3	sold	s2:1	acquiring	SIMULTANEOUS
By acquiring the shares , Lawrence Group increased its stake in Lawrence Insurance to 93.2 % from 91.2 % .	By acquiring the shares , Lawrence Group increased its stake in Lawrence Insurance to 93.2 % from 91.2 % .	s1:1	acquiring	s2:7	increased	BEFORE
I was pleased to note that your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item recognized the money-fund concept as one of the significant events of the past century .	I was pleased to note that your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item recognized the money-fund concept as one of the significant events of the past century .	s1:2	pleased	s2:12	recognized	AFTER
I was pleased to note that your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item recognized the money-fund concept as one of the significant events of the past century .	Actually , about two years ago , the Journal listed the creation of the money fund as one of the 10 most significant events in the world of finance in the 20th century .	s1:12	recognized	s2:9	listed	AFTER
We innovated telephone redemptions , daily dividends , total elimination of share certificates and the constant $ 1 pershare pricing , all of which were painfully thought out and not the result of some inadvertence on the part of the SEC .	We innovated telephone redemptions , daily dividends , total elimination of share certificates and the constant $ 1 pershare pricing , all of which were painfully thought out and not the result of some inadvertence on the part of the SEC .	s1:1	innovated	s2:3	redemptions	INCLUDES
We innovated telephone redemptions , daily dividends , total elimination of share certificates and the constant $ 1 pershare pricing , all of which were painfully thought out and not the result of some inadvertence on the part of the SEC .	We innovated telephone redemptions , daily dividends , total elimination of share certificates and the constant $ 1 pershare pricing , all of which were painfully thought out and not the result of some inadvertence on the part of the SEC .	s1:1	innovated	s2:9	elimination	INCLUDES
In over-the-counter trading Friday , Jayark was quoted at 87.5 cents bid , down 15.625 cents .	In over-the-counter trading Friday , Jayark was quoted at 87.5 cents bid , down 15.625 cents .	s1:2	trading	s2:7	quoted	INCLUDES
Ocean Drilling amp Exploration Co. will sell its contract-drilling business , and took a $ 50.9 million loss from discontinued operations in the third quarter because of the planned sale .	Ocean Drilling amp Exploration Co. will sell its contract-drilling business , and took a $ 50.9 million loss from discontinued operations in the third quarter because of the planned sale .	s1:12	took	s2:17	loss	IDENTITY
Ocean Drilling amp Exploration Co. will sell its contract-drilling business , and took a $ 50.9 million loss from discontinued operations in the third quarter because of the planned sale .	Ocean Drilling amp Exploration Co. will sell its contract-drilling business , and took a $ 50.9 million loss from discontinued operations in the third quarter because of the planned sale .	s1:17	loss	s2:20	operations	AFTER
In the third quarter , the company , which is 61 % - owned by Murphy Oil Corp. of Arkansas , had a net loss of $ 46.9 million , or 91 cents a share , compared with a restated loss of $ 9 million , or 18 cents a share , a year ago .	In the third quarter , the company , which is 61 % - owned by Murphy Oil Corp. of Arkansas , had a net loss of $ 46.9 million , or 91 cents a share , compared with a restated loss of $ 9 million , or 18 cents a share , a year ago .	s1:24	loss	s2:40	loss	AFTER
The New Orleans oil and gas exploration and diving operations company added that it does n't expect any further adverse financial impact from the restructuring .	Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract-drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .	s1:11	added	s2:2	said	IDENTITY
Dominion Textile Inc. holders adopted a shareholder-rights plan at the annual meeting .	The so-called poison pill took effect Aug. 9 pending ratification by holders .	s1:4	adopted	s2:4	took	BEFORE
reported that third-quarter profit grew a robust 19 % from a year ago on the strength of the company 's operations in various chemicals and fibers , and in petroleum .	Du Pont also announced plans for a 3-for-1 stock split , although the initial higher dividend will be paid on pre-split shares .	s1:0	reported	s2:3	announced	SIMULTANEOUS
reported that third-quarter profit grew a robust 19 % from a year ago on the strength of the company 's operations in various chemicals and fibers , and in petroleum .	reported that third-quarter profit grew a robust 19 % from a year ago on the strength of the company 's operations in various chemicals and fibers , and in petroleum .	s1:4	grew	s2:20	operations	AFTER
Du Pont also raised its quarterly dividend to $ 1.20 a share from $ 1.05 , a change that will increase the annualized payout to shareholders by some $ 140 million .	Du Pont also raised its quarterly dividend to $ 1.20 a share from $ 1.05 , a change that will increase the annualized payout to shareholders by some $ 140 million .	s1:3	raised	s2:17	change	IDENTITY
Du Pont also raised its quarterly dividend to $ 1.20 a share from $ 1.05 , a change that will increase the annualized payout to shareholders by some $ 140 million .	Du Pont also raised its quarterly dividend to $ 1.20 a share from $ 1.05 , a change that will increase the annualized payout to shareholders by some $ 140 million .	s1:17	change	s2:20	increase	BEFORE
Du Pont , unlike companies hurt badly by sharp price declines for basic chemicals and plastics , is benefiting from its broad range of businesses .	Du Pont , unlike companies hurt badly by sharp price declines for basic chemicals and plastics , is benefiting from its broad range of businesses .	s1:5	hurt	s2:10	declines	AFTER
Du Pont , unlike companies hurt badly by sharp price declines for basic chemicals and plastics , is benefiting from its broad range of businesses .	Du Pont , unlike companies hurt badly by sharp price declines for basic chemicals and plastics , is benefiting from its broad range of businesses .	s1:5	hurt	s2:18	benefiting	SIMULTANEOUS
reported that third-quarter profit grew a robust 19 % from a year ago on the strength of the company 's operations in various chemicals and fibers , and in petroleum .	Du Pont , unlike companies hurt badly by sharp price declines for basic chemicals and plastics , is benefiting from its broad range of businesses .	s1:4	grew	s2:18	benefiting	IS_INCLUDED
Du Pont also raised its quarterly dividend to $ 1.20 a share from $ 1.05 , a change that will increase the annualized payout to shareholders by some $ 140 million .	Du Pont , unlike companies hurt badly by sharp price declines for basic chemicals and plastics , is benefiting from its broad range of businesses .	s1:3	raised	s2:18	benefiting	IS_INCLUDED
The profit gain was made despite a weakening in the housing market , for which the company is a supplier , and a strengthening in the dollar , which lowers the value of overseas earnings when they are translated into dollars .	The profit gain was made despite a weakening in the housing market , for which the company is a supplier , and a strengthening in the dollar , which lowers the value of overseas earnings when they are translated into dollars .	s1:4	made	s2:7	weakening	SIMULTANEOUS
The profit gain was made despite a weakening in the housing market , for which the company is a supplier , and a strengthening in the dollar , which lowers the value of overseas earnings when they are translated into dollars .	The profit gain was made despite a weakening in the housing market , for which the company is a supplier , and a strengthening in the dollar , which lowers the value of overseas earnings when they are translated into dollars .	s1:7	weakening	s2:23	strengthening	SIMULTANEOUS
`` We have n't benefited the shareholder as much as we need to , '' said Edgar Woolard Jr. , Du Pont 's chairman and chief executive officer , in an interview several months before he entered his current position in April .	`` We have n't benefited the shareholder as much as we need to , '' said Edgar Woolard Jr. , Du Pont 's chairman and chief executive officer , in an interview several months before he entered his current position in April .	s1:15	said	s2:31	interview	IS_INCLUDED
`` We have n't benefited the shareholder as much as we need to , '' said Edgar Woolard Jr. , Du Pont 's chairman and chief executive officer , in an interview several months before he entered his current position in April .	`` We have n't benefited the shareholder as much as we need to , '' said Edgar Woolard Jr. , Du Pont 's chairman and chief executive officer , in an interview several months before he entered his current position in April .	s1:31	interview	s2:36	entered	BEFORE
Du Pont 's stock rose $ 2.50 a share to close at $ 117.375 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday .	Du Pont 's stock rose $ 2.50 a share to close at $ 117.375 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday .	s1:4	rose	s2:10	close	ENDED_BY
Leading the gains for Du Pont in the latest quarter was its industrial products segment , where profit soared to $ 155 million from $ 99 million a year earlier .	The company benefited from continued strong demand and higher selling prices for titanium dioxide , a white pigment used in paints , paper and plastics .	s1:18	soared	s2:2	benefited	IS_INCLUDED
The company benefited from continued strong demand and higher selling prices for titanium dioxide , a white pigment used in paints , paper and plastics .	The company benefited from continued strong demand and higher selling prices for titanium dioxide , a white pigment used in paints , paper and plastics .	s1:2	benefited	s2:6	demand	AFTER
Leading the gains for Du Pont in the latest quarter was its industrial products segment , where profit soared to $ 155 million from $ 99 million a year earlier .	Profit climbed to $ 98 million from $ 71 million in the petroleum segment , as Du Pont 's Conoco Inc. oil company was helped by crude oil prices higher than a year ago and by higher natural gas prices and volume .	s1:18	soared	s2:1	climbed	SIMULTANEOUS
Profit climbed to $ 98 million from $ 71 million in the petroleum segment , as Du Pont 's Conoco Inc. oil company was helped by crude oil prices higher than a year ago and by higher natural gas prices and volume .	Profit climbed to $ 98 million from $ 71 million in the petroleum segment , as Du Pont 's Conoco Inc. oil company was helped by crude oil prices higher than a year ago and by higher natural gas prices and volume .	s1:1	climbed	s2:24	helped	AFTER
A spokesman said herbicide use in some areas of the U.S. was delayed earlier in the year by heavy rains , thus increasing sales in the third quarter .	A spokesman said herbicide use in some areas of the U.S. was delayed earlier in the year by heavy rains , thus increasing sales in the third quarter .	s1:12	delayed	s2:22	increasing	BEFORE
Profit from coal fell to $ 41 million from $ 58 million , partly because of a miners ' strike .	Profit from coal fell to $ 41 million from $ 58 million , partly because of a miners ' strike .	s1:3	fell	s2:19	strike	AFTER
Profit from coal fell to $ 41 million from $ 58 million , partly because of a miners ' strike .	And profit from polymers dropped to $ 107 million from $ 122 million amid what Du Pont called lower demand and selling prices in certain packaging and industrial markets .	s1:3	fell	s2:4	dropped	SIMULTANEOUS
said its planned rights offering to raise about $ 9 million was declared effective and the company will begin mailing materials to shareholders at the end of this week .	said its planned rights offering to raise about $ 9 million was declared effective and the company will begin mailing materials to shareholders at the end of this week .	s1:12	declared	s2:18	begin	BEFORE
NEWARK , N.J. _ A new Essex County task force began delving Thursday into the slayings of 14 black women over the last five years in the Newark area , as law-enforcement officials acknowledged that they needed to work harder to solve the cases of murdered women .	Eight of the 14 killings since 1993 were already under investigation by the Newark Police Department , Glenn said .	s1:15	slayings	s2:4	killings	INCLUDES
NEWARK , N.J. _ A new Essex County task force began delving Thursday into the slayings of 14 black women over the last five years in the Newark area , as law-enforcement officials acknowledged that they needed to work harder to solve the cases of murdered women .	There have been no arrests in any of the slayings .	s1:15	slayings	s2:9	slayings	IDENTITY
The police and prosecutors said they had identified different suspects in six of the cases and had yet to find any pattern linking the killings or the victims , several of whom were believed to be prostitutes .	The police and prosecutors said they had identified different suspects in six of the cases and had yet to find any pattern linking the killings or the victims , several of whom were believed to be prostitutes .	s1:4	said	s2:7	identified	AFTER
Citing an example , Sgt. Derek Glenn , a spokesman for the Newark Police Department , said that of nine women who had been killed last year , suspects had been arrested in only four cases .	Citing an example , Sgt. Derek Glenn , a spokesman for the Newark Police Department , said that of nine women who had been killed last year , suspects had been arrested in only four cases .	s1:24	killed	s2:31	arrested	BEFORE
Citing an example , Sgt. Derek Glenn , a spokesman for the Newark Police Department , said that of nine women who had been killed last year , suspects had been arrested in only four cases .	Citing an example , Sgt. Derek Glenn , a spokesman for the Newark Police Department , said that of nine women who had been killed last year , suspects had been arrested in only four cases .	s1:16	said	s2:31	arrested	AFTER
ISTANBUL , Turkey -LRB- AP -RRB- _ Some 1,500 ethnic Albanians marched Sunday in downtown Istanbul , burning Serbian flags to protest the killings of ethnic Albanians by Serb police in southern Serb Kosovo province .	ISTANBUL , Turkey -LRB- AP -RRB- _ Some 1,500 ethnic Albanians marched Sunday in downtown Istanbul , burning Serbian flags to protest the killings of ethnic Albanians by Serb police in southern Serb Kosovo province .	s1:11	marched	s2:17	burning	SIMULTANEOUS
PROGRAM TRADING is being curbed by more securities firms , but big institutional investors are expected to continue the practice , further roiling the stock market .	PROGRAM TRADING is being curbed by more securities firms , but big institutional investors are expected to continue the practice , further roiling the stock market .	s1:4	curbed	s2:15	expected	SIMULTANEOUS
PROGRAM TRADING is being curbed by more securities firms , but big institutional investors are expected to continue the practice , further roiling the stock market .	PROGRAM TRADING is being curbed by more securities firms , but big institutional investors are expected to continue the practice , further roiling the stock market .	s1:1	TRADING	s2:4	curbed	ENDED_BY
PROGRAM TRADING is being curbed by more securities firms , but big institutional investors are expected to continue the practice , further roiling the stock market .	PROGRAM TRADING is being curbed by more securities firms , but big institutional investors are expected to continue the practice , further roiling the stock market .	s1:1	TRADING	s2:19	practice	IDENTITY
PROGRAM TRADING is being curbed by more securities firms , but big institutional investors are expected to continue the practice , further roiling the stock market .	PROGRAM TRADING is being curbed by more securities firms , but big institutional investors are expected to continue the practice , further roiling the stock market .	s1:19	practice	s2:22	roiling	BEGINS
LIN Broadcasting and BellSouth sweetened their plan to merge cellular phone operations , offering LIN holders a special $ 42-a-share payout .	LIN Broadcasting and BellSouth sweetened their plan to merge cellular phone operations , offering LIN holders a special $ 42-a-share payout .	s1:4	sweetened	s2:13	offering	INCLUDES
Unisys posted a $ 648.2 million loss for the third quarter as it moved quickly to take write-offs for various problems and prepare for a turnaround .	Unisys posted a $ 648.2 million loss for the third quarter as it moved quickly to take write-offs for various problems and prepare for a turnaround .	s1:1	posted	s2:13	moved	SIMULTANEOUS
Kellogg suspended work on a $ 1 billion cereal plant , indicating a pessimistic outlook by the cereal maker , which has been losing market share .	Kellogg suspended work on a $ 1 billion cereal plant , indicating a pessimistic outlook by the cereal maker , which has been losing market share .	s1:1	suspended	s2:11	indicating	SIMULTANEOUS
Nashua strengthened its poison-pill plan after announcing a Dutch firm is seeking to buy up to 25 % of the New Hampshire copier company .	Nashua strengthened its poison-pill plan after announcing a Dutch firm is seeking to buy up to 25 % of the New Hampshire copier company .	s1:1	strengthened	s2:6	announcing	AFTER
Mobil is cutting back its U.S. oil and gas exploration and production group by up to 15 % as part of a restructuring of the business .	Mobil is cutting back its U.S. oil and gas exploration and production group by up to 15 % as part of a restructuring of the business .	s1:2	cutting	s2:22	restructuring	IS_INCLUDED
A unit of DPC Acquisition Partners launched a $ 10-a-share tender offer for the shares outstanding of Dataproducts Corp. , and said it would seek to liquidate the computer-printer maker '' as soon as possible , '' even if a merger is n't consummated .	A unit of DPC Acquisition Partners launched a $ 10-a-share tender offer for the shares outstanding of Dataproducts Corp. , and said it would seek to liquidate the computer-printer maker '' as soon as possible , '' even if a merger is n't consummated .	s1:6	launched	s2:11	offer	BEGINS
A unit of DPC Acquisition Partners launched a $ 10-a-share tender offer for the shares outstanding of Dataproducts Corp. , and said it would seek to liquidate the computer-printer maker '' as soon as possible , '' even if a merger is n't consummated .	A unit of DPC Acquisition Partners launched a $ 10-a-share tender offer for the shares outstanding of Dataproducts Corp. , and said it would seek to liquidate the computer-printer maker '' as soon as possible , '' even if a merger is n't consummated .	s1:6	launched	s2:21	said	IS_INCLUDED
A unit of DPC Acquisition Partners launched a $ 10-a-share tender offer for the shares outstanding of Dataproducts Corp. , and said it would seek to liquidate the computer-printer maker '' as soon as possible , '' even if a merger is n't consummated .	A unit of DPC Acquisition Partners launched a $ 10-a-share tender offer for the shares outstanding of Dataproducts Corp. , and said it would seek to liquidate the computer-printer maker '' as soon as possible , '' even if a merger is n't consummated .	s1:40	merger	s2:43	consummated	BEGINS
A unit of DPC Acquisition Partners launched a $ 10-a-share tender offer for the shares outstanding of Dataproducts Corp. , and said it would seek to liquidate the computer-printer maker '' as soon as possible , '' even if a merger is n't consummated .	A unit of DPC Acquisition Partners launched a $ 10-a-share tender offer for the shares outstanding of Dataproducts Corp. , and said it would seek to liquidate the computer-printer maker '' as soon as possible , '' even if a merger is n't consummated .	s1:26	liquidate	s2:43	consummated	AFTER
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , DPC Acquisition said it expects it will need about $ 215 million to buy the shares and pay related fees and expenses .	In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , DPC Acquisition said it expects it will need about $ 215 million to buy the shares and pay related fees and expenses .	s1:17	need	s2:23	buy	BEFORE
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , DPC Acquisition said it expects it will need about $ 215 million to buy the shares and pay related fees and expenses .	In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , DPC Acquisition said it expects it will need about $ 215 million to buy the shares and pay related fees and expenses .	s1:17	need	s2:27	pay	BEFORE
DPC Acquisition added that it has not begun discussions with financing sources , and said it expected to repay the amounts borrowed through proceeds of the liquidation .	DPC Acquisition added that it has not begun discussions with financing sources , and said it expected to repay the amounts borrowed through proceeds of the liquidation .	s1:16	expected	s2:21	borrowed	AFTER
DPC Acquisition added that it has not begun discussions with financing sources , and said it expected to repay the amounts borrowed through proceeds of the liquidation .	DPC Acquisition added that it has not begun discussions with financing sources , and said it expected to repay the amounts borrowed through proceeds of the liquidation .	s1:21	borrowed	s2:26	liquidation	SIMULTANEOUS
Earlier this year , DPC Acquisition made a $ 15-a-share offer for Dataproducts , which the Dataproducts board said it rejected because the $ 283.7 million offer was not fully financed .	Earlier this year , DPC Acquisition made a $ 15-a-share offer for Dataproducts , which the Dataproducts board said it rejected because the $ 283.7 million offer was not fully financed .	s1:6	made	s2:10	offer	IDENTITY
A unit of DPC Acquisition Partners launched a $ 10-a-share tender offer for the shares outstanding of Dataproducts Corp. , and said it would seek to liquidate the computer-printer maker '' as soon as possible , '' even if a merger is n't consummated .	Earlier this year , DPC Acquisition made a $ 15-a-share offer for Dataproducts , which the Dataproducts board said it rejected because the $ 283.7 million offer was not fully financed .	s1:6	launched	s2:6	made	AFTER
Earlier this year , DPC Acquisition made a $ 15-a-share offer for Dataproducts , which the Dataproducts board said it rejected because the $ 283.7 million offer was not fully financed .	Earlier this year , DPC Acquisition made a $ 15-a-share offer for Dataproducts , which the Dataproducts board said it rejected because the $ 283.7 million offer was not fully financed .	s1:6	made	s2:20	rejected	BEFORE
Montedison S.p.A. definitively agreed to buy all of the publicly held shares of Erbamont N.V. for $ 37 each .	The companies said the accord was unanimously approved by a special committee of Erbamont directors unaffiliated with Montedison .	s1:3	agreed	s2:2	said	BEFORE
Under the pact , Montedision will make a $ 37-a-share tender offer for Erbamont stock outstanding .	Under the pact , Montedision will make a $ 37-a-share tender offer for Erbamont stock outstanding .	s1:6	make	s2:11	offer	IDENTITY
Under the pact , Montedision will make a $ 37-a-share tender offer for Erbamont stock outstanding .	The tender offer will be followed by the sale of all of Erbamont 's assets , subject to all of its liabilities , to Montedison .	s1:11	offer	s2:2	offer	IDENTITY
The tender offer will be followed by the sale of all of Erbamont 's assets , subject to all of its liabilities , to Montedison .	The tender offer will be followed by the sale of all of Erbamont 's assets , subject to all of its liabilities , to Montedison .	s1:2	offer	s2:8	sale	BEFORE
The tender offer will be followed by the sale of all of Erbamont 's assets , subject to all of its liabilities , to Montedison .	Erbamont will then be liquidated , with any remaining Erbamont holders receiving a distribution of $ 37 a share .	s1:8	sale	s2:4	liquidated	BEFORE
The tender offer will be followed by the sale of all of Erbamont 's assets , subject to all of its liabilities , to Montedison .	Erbamont will then be liquidated , with any remaining Erbamont holders receiving a distribution of $ 37 a share .	s1:8	sale	s2:11	receiving	BEGUN_BY
said it plans to raise 175 million to 180 million Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 148.9 million to $ 153.3 million -RRB- through a private placement of perpetual preferred shares .	Perpetual preferred shares are n't retractable by the holders , the company said .	s1:0	said	s2:12	said	SIMULTANEOUS
Jim Pattison Industries Ltd. , one of a group of closely held companies owned by entrepreneur James Pattison , said it '' intends to seek control '' of 30 % - owned Innopac Inc. , a Toronto packaging concern .	Jim Pattison Industries Ltd. , one of a group of closely held companies owned by entrepreneur James Pattison , said it '' intends to seek control '' of 30 % - owned Innopac Inc. , a Toronto packaging concern .	s1:19	said	s2:22	intends	IS_INCLUDED
More heavy gunfire in the Serbian province of Kosovo .	It 's the second day of an offensive by the security forces against villages populated by ethnic Albanians .	s1:2	gunfire	s2:7	offensive	IS_INCLUDED
They were too afraid to stay , fearing the forces may also move their operations further afield .	They were too afraid to stay , fearing the forces may also move their operations further afield .	s1:3	afraid	s2:7	fearing	INCLUDES
CANBERRA , Australia -LRB- AP -RRB- _ Turning its back on 210 years of loyalty to the British royal family , a constitutional convention voted overwhelmingly Friday to make Australia a republic under its own president .	CANBERRA , Australia -LRB- AP -RRB- _ Turning its back on 210 years of loyalty to the British royal family , a constitutional convention voted overwhelmingly Friday to make Australia a republic under its own president .	s1:24	voted	s2:28	make	BEFORE
Prime Minister John Howard , a monarchist himself , promised to put the question to a national referendum next year after convention delegates voted 89-52 for a republic , with 11 abstentions .	Prime Minister John Howard , a monarchist himself , promised to put the question to a national referendum next year after convention delegates voted 89-52 for a republic , with 11 abstentions .	s1:9	promised	s2:11	put	BEFORE
Prime Minister John Howard , a monarchist himself , promised to put the question to a national referendum next year after convention delegates voted 89-52 for a republic , with 11 abstentions .	Prime Minister John Howard , a monarchist himself , promised to put the question to a national referendum next year after convention delegates voted 89-52 for a republic , with 11 abstentions .	s1:9	promised	s2:23	voted	AFTER
Spontaneous applause echoed through the chamber and public galleries as the crucial vote passed by a wide margin .	Spontaneous applause echoed through the chamber and public galleries as the crucial vote passed by a wide margin .	s1:1	applause	s2:12	vote	AFTER
Spontaneous applause echoed through the chamber and public galleries as the crucial vote passed by a wide margin .	Spontaneous applause echoed through the chamber and public galleries as the crucial vote passed by a wide margin .	s1:12	vote	s2:13	passed	SIMULTANEOUS
Treasurer Peter Costello , Environment Minister Robert Hill and Attorney General Daryl Williams all voted to support the republic Friday .	Treasurer Peter Costello , Environment Minister Robert Hill and Attorney General Daryl Williams all voted to support the republic Friday .	s1:14	voted	s2:16	support	BEFORE
`` It 's no secret that she 's indicated to me ... she is a 20th century democrat , understands that the role of the crown in Australia rests in the hands of the Australian people as it has for almost a hundred years . ''	`` It 's no secret that she 's indicated to me ... she is a 20th century democrat , understands that the role of the crown in Australia rests in the hands of the Australian people as it has for almost a hundred years . ''	s1:28	rests	s2:38	has	SIMULTANEOUS
Defense Minister Yitzhak Mordechai was the first senior Israeli official to refer to U.N. resolution 425 in a speech six weeks ago , saying at the time he was willing to withdraw troops in exchange for guarantees that Israel would not be attacked .	Defense Minister Yitzhak Mordechai was the first senior Israeli official to refer to U.N. resolution 425 in a speech six weeks ago , saying at the time he was willing to withdraw troops in exchange for guarantees that Israel would not be attacked .	s1:11	refer	s2:23	saying	SIMULTANEOUS
Mr. Schwarz , 52 years old , will succeed Daniel P. Davison Feb. 1 , soon after Mr. Davison reaches the company 's mandatory retirement age of 65 .	Mr. Schwarz , 52 years old , will succeed Daniel P. Davison Feb. 1 , soon after Mr. Davison reaches the company 's mandatory retirement age of 65 .	s1:8	succeed	s2:19	reaches	IAFTER
U.S. Trust , a 136-year-old institution that is one of the earliest high-net worth banks in the U.S. , has faced intensifying competition from other firms that have established , and heavily promoted , private-banking businesses of their own .	U.S. Trust , a 136-year-old institution that is one of the earliest high-net worth banks in the U.S. , has faced intensifying competition from other firms that have established , and heavily promoted , private-banking businesses of their own .	s1:28	established	s2:32	promoted	SIMULTANEOUS
U.S. Trust , a 136-year-old institution that is one of the earliest high-net worth banks in the U.S. , has faced intensifying competition from other firms that have established , and heavily promoted , private-banking businesses of their own .	As a result , U.S. Trust 's earnings have been hurt .	s1:28	established	s2:10	hurt	BEFORE
`` We have always taken smaller accounts , but now we are looking for smaller accounts that will grow , '' Mr. Schwarz says .	`` We have always taken smaller accounts , but now we are looking for smaller accounts that will grow , '' Mr. Schwarz says .	s1:4	taken	s2:12	looking	BEFORE
`` We have always taken smaller accounts , but now we are looking for smaller accounts that will grow , '' Mr. Schwarz says .	`` We have always taken smaller accounts , but now we are looking for smaller accounts that will grow , '' Mr. Schwarz says .	s1:4	taken	s2:23	says	BEFORE
Mr. Schwarz says the competition '' broadens the base of opportunity for us . ''	`` Our bread and butter is still the $ 2 million to $ 20 million account , '' he says .	s1:2	says	s2:19	says	IDENTITY
`` Our bread and butter is still the $ 2 million to $ 20 million account , '' he says .	The new services allow U.S. Trust to cater to the `` new wealth , '' Mr. Schwarz says .	s1:19	says	s2:17	says	IDENTITY
`` We have always taken smaller accounts , but now we are looking for smaller accounts that will grow , '' Mr. Schwarz says .	Mr. Schwarz 's great-grandfather founded the New York toy store F.A.O. Schwarz , but his family no longer has ties to the company .	s1:23	says	s2:4	founded	AFTER
`` We have always taken smaller accounts , but now we are looking for smaller accounts that will grow , '' Mr. Schwarz says .	Mr. Schwarz 's great-grandfather founded the New York toy store F.A.O. Schwarz , but his family no longer has ties to the company .	s1:4	taken	s2:4	founded	AFTER
Mr. Schwarz 's great-grandfather founded the New York toy store F.A.O. Schwarz , but his family no longer has ties to the company .	Mr. Schwarz 's great-grandfather founded the New York toy store F.A.O. Schwarz , but his family no longer has ties to the company .	s1:4	founded	s2:18	has	BEFORE
Frederick B. Taylor , 48 , also was named a vice chairman and chief investment officer , a new post .	Mr. Taylor also was named a director , increasing the board to 22 , but is not part of the new office of the chairman .	s1:8	named	s2:4	named	SIMULTANEOUS
Donald M. Roberts , 54 , treasurer , and Frederick S. Wonham , 58 , who takes responsibility for the funds-service group , were named vice chairmen and will serve in the office of the chairman .	Mr. Taylor also was named a director , increasing the board to 22 , but is not part of the new office of the chairman .	s1:24	named	s2:4	named	SIMULTANEOUS
Mr. Taylor also was named a director , increasing the board to 22 , but is not part of the new office of the chairman .	Mr. Taylor also was named a director , increasing the board to 22 , but is not part of the new office of the chairman .	s1:4	named	s2:6	director	BEGINS
Mr. Taylor also was named a director , increasing the board to 22 , but is not part of the new office of the chairman .	Mr. Taylor also was named a director , increasing the board to 22 , but is not part of the new office of the chairman .	s1:4	named	s2:8	increasing	BEFORE
Frederick B. Taylor , 48 , also was named a vice chairman and chief investment officer , a new post .	James E. Bacon , 58 , executive vice president , who has directed the funds-service group , will retire .	s1:8	named	s2:12	directed	AFTER
announced terms of a previously proposed rights issue that is expected to raise about 396 million Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 337 million -RRB- net of expenses .	announced terms of a previously proposed rights issue that is expected to raise about 396 million Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 337 million -RRB- net of expenses .	s1:0	announced	s2:10	expected	IS_INCLUDED
The move was approved at a special shareholders ' meeting yesterday .	The move was approved at a special shareholders ' meeting yesterday .	s1:3	approved	s2:9	meeting	IS_INCLUDED
The move was approved at a special shareholders ' meeting yesterday .	The move was approved at a special shareholders ' meeting yesterday .	s1:1	move	s2:3	approved	AFTER
Gary Lukassen , chief financial officer , said redemption of the preferred shares , originally issued at C$ 25 each , will eliminate dividend payments of C$ 17.9 million annually .	Gary Lukassen , chief financial officer , said redemption of the preferred shares , originally issued at C$ 25 each , will eliminate dividend payments of C$ 17.9 million annually .	s1:15	issued	s2:22	eliminate	BEFORE
Gary Lukassen , chief financial officer , said redemption of the preferred shares , originally issued at C$ 25 each , will eliminate dividend payments of C$ 17.9 million annually .	Gary Lukassen , chief financial officer , said redemption of the preferred shares , originally issued at C$ 25 each , will eliminate dividend payments of C$ 17.9 million annually .	s1:8	redemption	s2:15	issued	AFTER
Helicopters are flying over northern New York today trying to locate people stranded without food , heat or medicine .	Helicopters are flying over northern New York today trying to locate people stranded without food , heat or medicine .	s1:2	flying	s2:8	trying	SIMULTANEOUS
completed its tender offer for Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. , with Columbia shareholders tendering 99.3 % of all common shares outstanding by the Tuesday deadline .	completed its tender offer for Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. , with Columbia shareholders tendering 99.3 % of all common shares outstanding by the Tuesday deadline .	s1:3	offer	s2:13	tendering	SIMULTANEOUS
Still unresolved is Sony 's effort to hire producers Jon Peters and Peter Guber to run the studio .	Still unresolved is Sony 's effort to hire producers Jon Peters and Peter Guber to run the studio .	s1:1	unresolved	s2:5	effort	SIMULTANEOUS
Guber/Peters has been locked in litigation with Warner Communications Inc. in an attempt to get out of an exclusive production contract with Warner .	Guber/Peters has been locked in litigation with Warner Communications Inc. in an attempt to get out of an exclusive production contract with Warner .	s1:3	locked	s2:5	litigation	SIMULTANEOUS
said it expects to report a third-quarter net loss of $ 17 million to $ 19 million because of special reserves and continued low natural-gas prices .	The Oklahoma City energy and defense concern said it will record a $ 7.5 million reserve for its defense group , including a $ 4.7 million charge related to problems under a fixed-price development contract and $ 2.8 million in overhead costs that wo n't be reimbursed .	s1:0	said	s2:7	said	SIMULTANEOUS
The Oklahoma City energy and defense concern said it will record a $ 7.5 million reserve for its defense group , including a $ 4.7 million charge related to problems under a fixed-price development contract and $ 2.8 million in overhead costs that wo n't be reimbursed .	In addition , Hadson said it will write off about $ 3.5 million in costs related to international exploration leases where exploration efforts have been unsuccessful .	s1:10	record	s2:7	write	INCLUDES
reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 35.2 million , or 31 cents a share , compared with year-earlier profit of $ 3.8 million , or one cent a share .	A spokesman for the Stamford , Conn.based company said operations had a loss of $ 5.5 million for the quarter ; in addition , the loss was magnified by nonrecurring charges totaling $ 23.5 million and $ 8.2 million in asset-valuation adjustments that he described as `` unusual . ''	s1:4	loss	s2:12	loss	INCLUDES
reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 35.2 million , or 31 cents a share , compared with year-earlier profit of $ 3.8 million , or one cent a share .	A spokesman for the Stamford , Conn.based company said operations had a loss of $ 5.5 million for the quarter ; in addition , the loss was magnified by nonrecurring charges totaling $ 23.5 million and $ 8.2 million in asset-valuation adjustments that he described as `` unusual . ''	s1:0	reported	s2:8	said	SIMULTANEOUS
reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 35.2 million , or 31 cents a share , compared with year-earlier profit of $ 3.8 million , or one cent a share .	A spokesman for the Stamford , Conn.based company said operations had a loss of $ 5.5 million for the quarter ; in addition , the loss was magnified by nonrecurring charges totaling $ 23.5 million and $ 8.2 million in asset-valuation adjustments that he described as `` unusual . ''	s1:4	loss	s2:25	loss	IDENTITY
A spokesman for the Stamford , Conn.based company said operations had a loss of $ 5.5 million for the quarter ; in addition , the loss was magnified by nonrecurring charges totaling $ 23.5 million and $ 8.2 million in asset-valuation adjustments that he described as `` unusual . ''	A spokesman for the Stamford , Conn.based company said operations had a loss of $ 5.5 million for the quarter ; in addition , the loss was magnified by nonrecurring charges totaling $ 23.5 million and $ 8.2 million in asset-valuation adjustments that he described as `` unusual . ''	s1:25	loss	s2:27	magnified	SIMULTANEOUS
A spokesman for the Stamford , Conn.based company said operations had a loss of $ 5.5 million for the quarter ; in addition , the loss was magnified by nonrecurring charges totaling $ 23.5 million and $ 8.2 million in asset-valuation adjustments that he described as `` unusual . ''	The charges were partly offset by a $ 2 million gain on the sale of investments of two joint ventures , he said .	s1:25	loss	s2:4	offset	SIMULTANEOUS
The charges were partly offset by a $ 2 million gain on the sale of investments of two joint ventures , he said .	The charges were partly offset by a $ 2 million gain on the sale of investments of two joint ventures , he said .	s1:4	offset	s2:10	gain	SIMULTANEOUS
Rated single-B-1 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-B-plus by Standard amp Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Goldman , Sachs amp Co. .	Rated single-B-1 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-B-plus by Standard amp Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Goldman , Sachs amp Co. .	s1:0	Rated	s2:21	sold	BEFORE
Rated single-A-3 by Moody 's and triple-B by SampP , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .	Rated single-A-3 by Moody 's and triple-B by SampP , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .	s1:0	Rated	s2:14	sold	BEFORE
The divested Courtaulds textile operations had operating profit of # 50 million on # 980 million in revenue in the year ended March 31 .	The divested Courtaulds textile operations had operating profit of # 50 million on # 980 million in revenue in the year ended March 31 .	s1:5	had	s2:7	profit	IDENTITY
Some analysts have said Courtaulds ' moves could boost the company 's value by 5 % to 10 % , because the two entities separately will carry a higher price earnings multiple than they did combined .	Some analysts have said Courtaulds ' moves could boost the company 's value by 5 % to 10 % , because the two entities separately will carry a higher price earnings multiple than they did combined .	s1:6	moves	s2:26	carry	BEFORE
Some analysts have said Courtaulds ' moves could boost the company 's value by 5 % to 10 % , because the two entities separately will carry a higher price earnings multiple than they did combined .	Some analysts have said Courtaulds ' moves could boost the company 's value by 5 % to 10 % , because the two entities separately will carry a higher price earnings multiple than they did combined .	s1:8	boost	s2:26	carry	AFTER
Some analysts have said Courtaulds ' moves could boost the company 's value by 5 % to 10 % , because the two entities separately will carry a higher price earnings multiple than they did combined .	In addition , Courtaulds said the moves are logical because they will allow both the chemicals and textile businesses to focus more closely on core activities .	s1:6	moves	s2:6	moves	SIMULTANEOUS
In addition , Courtaulds said the moves are logical because they will allow both the chemicals and textile businesses to focus more closely on core activities .	In addition , Courtaulds said the moves are logical because they will allow both the chemicals and textile businesses to focus more closely on core activities .	s1:6	moves	s2:12	allow	IDENTITY
said it holds an 8.9 % stake in Milton Roy Corp. , an analytical-instruments maker , and may seek control of the company .	Crane , a maker of engineered products for aerospace , construction , defense and other uses , made the disclosure in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing .	s1:0	said	s2:19	disclosure	IDENTITY
Crane , a maker of engineered products for aerospace , construction , defense and other uses , made the disclosure in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing .	Crane , a maker of engineered products for aerospace , construction , defense and other uses , made the disclosure in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing .	s1:19	disclosure	s2:26	filing	IS_INCLUDED
In the filing , Crane said that in the past it considered seeking control of Milton Roy , of St. Petersburg , Fla. , through a merger or tender offer and that it expects to continue to evaluate an acquisition from time to time .	In the filing , Crane said that in the past it considered seeking control of Milton Roy , of St. Petersburg , Fla. , through a merger or tender offer and that it expects to continue to evaluate an acquisition from time to time .	s1:2	filing	s2:5	said	INCLUDES
Crane , a maker of engineered products for aerospace , construction , defense and other uses , made the disclosure in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing .	In the filing , Crane said that in the past it considered seeking control of Milton Roy , of St. Petersburg , Fla. , through a merger or tender offer and that it expects to continue to evaluate an acquisition from time to time .	s1:19	disclosure	s2:5	said	IDENTITY
In the filing , Crane said that in the past it considered seeking control of Milton Roy , of St. Petersburg , Fla. , through a merger or tender offer and that it expects to continue to evaluate an acquisition from time to time .	In the filing , Crane said that in the past it considered seeking control of Milton Roy , of St. Petersburg , Fla. , through a merger or tender offer and that it expects to continue to evaluate an acquisition from time to time .	s1:12	seeking	s2:26	merger	BEGUN_BY
In the filing , Crane said that in the past it considered seeking control of Milton Roy , of St. Petersburg , Fla. , through a merger or tender offer and that it expects to continue to evaluate an acquisition from time to time .	In the filing , Crane said that in the past it considered seeking control of Milton Roy , of St. Petersburg , Fla. , through a merger or tender offer and that it expects to continue to evaluate an acquisition from time to time .	s1:12	seeking	s2:29	offer	BEGUN_BY
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Milton Roy shares leaped $ 2 , to $ 18.375 each , while Crane sank $ 1.125 , to $ 21.125 a share .	In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Milton Roy shares leaped $ 2 , to $ 18.375 each , while Crane sank $ 1.125 , to $ 21.125 a share .	s1:12	leaped	s2:23	sank	SIMULTANEOUS
Thermo Electron acquired some 6 % of Milton Roy 's common stock before throwing in the towel and reducing its stake in early September .	Thermo Electron acquired some 6 % of Milton Roy 's common stock before throwing in the towel and reducing its stake in early September .	s1:2	acquired	s2:13	throwing	BEFORE
Thermo Electron acquired some 6 % of Milton Roy 's common stock before throwing in the towel and reducing its stake in early September .	Thermo Electron acquired some 6 % of Milton Roy 's common stock before throwing in the towel and reducing its stake in early September .	s1:2	acquired	s2:18	reducing	BEFORE
It has n't made merger overtures to the board .	It has n't made merger overtures to the board .	s1:3	made	s2:5	overtures	IDENTITY
Under the terms , Milton Roy will pay an initial $ 4 million for the operations and additional payments during the next four years based on the earnings performance of the businesses .	Under the terms , Milton Roy will pay an initial $ 4 million for the operations and additional payments during the next four years based on the earnings performance of the businesses .	s1:7	pay	s2:15	operations	BEFORE
Under the terms , Milton Roy will pay an initial $ 4 million for the operations and additional payments during the next four years based on the earnings performance of the businesses .	Under the terms , Milton Roy will pay an initial $ 4 million for the operations and additional payments during the next four years based on the earnings performance of the businesses .	s1:7	pay	s2:18	payments	BEFORE
In the nine months , Milton Roy earned $ 6.6 million , or $ 1.18 a share , on sales of $ 94.3 million .	In the nine months , Milton Roy earned $ 6.6 million , or $ 1.18 a share , on sales of $ 94.3 million .	s1:7	earned	s2:19	sales	AFTER
Aetna Life amp Casualty Co. 's third-quarter net income fell 22 % to $ 182.6 million , or $ 1.63 a share , reflecting the damages from Hurricane Hugo and lower results for some of the company 's major divisions .	Catastrophe losses reduced Aetna 's net income by $ 50 million , including $ 36 million from Hugo .	s1:25	damages	s2:1	losses	INCLUDES
Catastrophe losses reduced Aetna 's net income by $ 50 million , including $ 36 million from Hugo .	Catastrophe losses reduced Aetna 's net income by $ 50 million , including $ 36 million from Hugo .	s1:1	losses	s2:2	reduced	BEFORE
But because these claims are more difficult to evaluate and have been coming in more slowly , the company has no estimate of the impact of the earthquake on fourth-quarter results .	But because these claims are more difficult to evaluate and have been coming in more slowly , the company has no estimate of the impact of the earthquake on fourth-quarter results .	s1:24	impact	s2:27	earthquake	AFTER
The insurer has started processing claims from the Northern California earthquake nearly two weeks ago .	But because these claims are more difficult to evaluate and have been coming in more slowly , the company has no estimate of the impact of the earthquake on fourth-quarter results .	s1:10	earthquake	s2:27	earthquake	IDENTITY
In the latest quarter , Aetna had a $ 23 million loss on its auto/homeowners line , compared with earnings of $ 33 million last year .	In the latest quarter , Aetna had a $ 23 million loss on its auto/homeowners line , compared with earnings of $ 33 million last year .	s1:6	had	s2:11	loss	IDENTITY
In the latest quarter , Aetna had a $ 23 million loss on its auto/homeowners line , compared with earnings of $ 33 million last year .	In the latest quarter , Aetna had a $ 23 million loss on its auto/homeowners line , compared with earnings of $ 33 million last year .	s1:11	loss	s2:19	earnings	AFTER
Air Force Lieutenant Colonel Eileen Collins will be named commander of the Space Shuttle Columbia for a mission in December .	Air Force Lieutenant Colonel Eileen Collins will be named commander of the Space Shuttle Columbia for a mission in December .	s1:9	commander	s2:17	mission	SIMULTANEOUS
Air Force Lieutenant Colonel Eileen Collins will be named commander of the Space Shuttle Columbia for a mission in December .	Colonel Collins has been the co-pilot before , but this time she 's the boss .	s1:9	commander	s2:14	boss	IDENTITY
It was n't until twenty years after the first astronauts were chosen that NASA finally included six women , and they were all scientists , not pilots .	It was n't until twenty years after the first astronauts were chosen that NASA finally included six women , and they were all scientists , not pilots .	s1:11	chosen	s2:15	included	BEFORE
Once Colonel Collins was picked as a NASA astronaut , she followed a normal progression within NASA .	Once Colonel Collins was picked as a NASA astronaut , she followed a normal progression within NASA .	s1:4	picked	s2:8	astronaut	BEGINS
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .	Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .	s1:5	began	s2:16	closed	BEFORE
Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt , the sources said .	Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt , the sources said .	s1:2	told	s2:14	alienated	AFTER
Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt , the sources said .	Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt , the sources said .	s1:14	alienated	s2:30	creating	BEFORE
; Another highly placed source said the president 's son met with Sununu last week after holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists .	; Another highly placed source said the president 's son met with Sununu last week after holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists .	s1:10	met	s2:16	holding	AFTER
JERUSALEM -LRB- AP -RRB- _ Taking the stand in her own defense , a friend of Yitzhak Rabin 's assassin said Friday that she regretted calling the prime minister a traitor and praying for his death .	She took the stand for more than four hours Friday in a Tel Aviv magistrate 's court .	s1:5	Taking	s2:1	took	IDENTITY
Amir , 27 , is serving a life sentence for the November 1995 assassination of Rabin at a Tel Aviv peace rally .	Amir , 27 , is serving a life sentence for the November 1995 assassination of Rabin at a Tel Aviv peace rally .	s1:5	serving	s2:13	assassination	AFTER
She said she gave the Amir brothers false information regarding the location of a weapons and ammunition cache when they asked her to help organize such a movement .	She said she gave the Amir brothers false information regarding the location of a weapons and ammunition cache when they asked her to help organize such a movement .	s1:1	said	s2:20	asked	AFTER
JERUSALEM -LRB- AP -RRB- _ Taking the stand in her own defense , a friend of Yitzhak Rabin 's assassin said Friday that she regretted calling the prime minister a traitor and praying for his death .	She said she gave the Amir brothers false information regarding the location of a weapons and ammunition cache when they asked her to help organize such a movement .	s1:5	Taking	s2:1	said	INCLUDES
The oat-bran craze has cost the world 's largest cereal maker market share .	The company 's president quit suddenly .	s1:4	cost	s2:4	quit	INCLUDES
Led by its oat-based Cheerios line , General Mills has gained an estimated 2 % share so far this year , mostly at the expense of Kellogg .	Led by its oat-based Cheerios line , General Mills has gained an estimated 2 % share so far this year , mostly at the expense of Kellogg .	s1:0	Led	s2:10	gained	SIMULTANEOUS
Kellogg is so anxious to turn around Corn Flakes sales that it soon will begin selling boxes for as little as 99 cents , trade sources say .	Kellogg is so anxious to turn around Corn Flakes sales that it soon will begin selling boxes for as little as 99 cents , trade sources say .	s1:3	anxious	s2:14	begin	BEFORE
Mr. Maxwell said he would n't be surprised if , over the next two years or so , General Mills ' share increased to 30 % or more .	Mr. Maxwell said he would n't be surprised if , over the next two years or so , General Mills ' share increased to 30 % or more .	s1:7	surprised	s2:22	increased	AFTER
The company said it was delaying construction because of current market conditions .	Kellogg indicated that it has room to grow without adding facilities .	s1:2	said	s2:1	indicated	IDENTITY
Kellogg indicated that it has room to grow without adding facilities .	A Kellogg officer , who asked not to be named , said the Memphis project was '' pulled in for a reconsideration of costs , '' an indication that the ambitious plans might be scaled back in any future construction .	s1:1	indicated	s2:11	said	INCLUDES
General Mills , meanwhile , finds itself constrained from boosting sales further because its plants are operating at capacity .	A large plant in Covington , Ga. , is to come on line next year .	s1:7	constrained	s2:10	come	ENDS
`` As we regain our leadership level where we have been , and as we continue to put new products into the marketplace and need additional capacity , we will look at resuming our involvement with our plan , '' he said .	`` As we regain our leadership level where we have been , and as we continue to put new products into the marketplace and need additional capacity , we will look at resuming our involvement with our plan , '' he said .	s1:3	regain	s2:30	look	BEFORE
`` As we regain our leadership level where we have been , and as we continue to put new products into the marketplace and need additional capacity , we will look at resuming our involvement with our plan , '' he said .	`` As we regain our leadership level where we have been , and as we continue to put new products into the marketplace and need additional capacity , we will look at resuming our involvement with our plan , '' he said .	s1:15	continue	s2:30	look	BEFORE
`` As we regain our leadership level where we have been , and as we continue to put new products into the marketplace and need additional capacity , we will look at resuming our involvement with our plan , '' he said .	`` As we regain our leadership level where we have been , and as we continue to put new products into the marketplace and need additional capacity , we will look at resuming our involvement with our plan , '' he said .	s1:24	need	s2:30	look	BEFORE
Last Friday 's announcement was the first official word that the project was in trouble and that the company 's plans for a surge in market share may have been overly optimistic .	Until recently , Kellogg had been telling its sales force and Wall Street that by 1992 it intended to achieve a 50 % share of market , measured in dollar volume .	s1:3	announcement	s2:6	telling	AFTER
Kellogg indicated that it has room to grow without adding facilities .	As expected , Kellogg reported lower third-quarter earnings .	s1:1	indicated	s2:4	reported	SIMULTANEOUS
The company had a one-time charge of $ 14.8 million in the latest quarter covering the disposition of certain assets .	The company had a one-time charge of $ 14.8 million in the latest quarter covering the disposition of certain assets .	s1:5	charge	s2:16	disposition	INCLUDES
The purchase price was disclosed in a preliminary prospectus issued in connection with MGM Grand 's planned offering of six million common shares .	The luxury airline and casino company , 98.6 % - owned by investor Kirk Kerkorian and his Tracinda Corp. , earlier this month announced its agreements to acquire the properties , but did n't disclose the purchase price .	s1:4	disclosed	s2:34	disclose	AFTER
The purchase price was disclosed in a preliminary prospectus issued in connection with MGM Grand 's planned offering of six million common shares .	The proposed stock offering and issuance of nearly 1.8 million common shares in connection with the land purchase will bring MGM Grand 's total shares outstanding to 28.7 million , of which 72 % will be owned by Mr. Kerkorian and Tracinda , according to the prospectus .	s1:9	issued	s2:43	according	SIMULTANEOUS
The company said it estimates the Desert Inn remodeling will cost about $ 32 million , and the refurbishment of the three DC-8-62 aircraft , made by McDonnell Douglas Corp. , will cost around $ 24.5 million .	MGM Grand said the latest stock offering wo n't cover the $ 600 million or more cost of building the proposed resort and theme park , and added it will need to seek additional financing , either through bank borrowings or debt and equity offerings , at a later date .	s1:2	said	s2:2	said	SIMULTANEOUS
Total Assets Protection Inc. , rebounding from its earlier loss , expects to report earnings from operations of about $ 200,000 for the third quarter , J.C. Matlock , chairman , said .	Total Assets Protection Inc. , rebounding from its earlier loss , expects to report earnings from operations of about $ 200,000 for the third quarter , J.C. Matlock , chairman , said .	s1:5	rebounding	s2:11	expects	SIMULTANEOUS
The US is bolstering its military presence in the gulf , as President Clinton discussed the Iraq crisis with the one ally who has backed his threat of force , British prime minister Tony Blair .	The US is bolstering its military presence in the gulf , as President Clinton discussed the Iraq crisis with the one ally who has backed his threat of force , British prime minister Tony Blair .	s1:3	bolstering	s2:14	discussed	AFTER
The US is bolstering its military presence in the gulf , as President Clinton discussed the Iraq crisis with the one ally who has backed his threat of force , British prime minister Tony Blair .	The US is bolstering its military presence in the gulf , as President Clinton discussed the Iraq crisis with the one ally who has backed his threat of force , British prime minister Tony Blair .	s1:24	backed	s2:26	threat	AFTER
The US is bolstering its military presence in the gulf , as President Clinton discussed the Iraq crisis with the one ally who has backed his threat of force , British prime minister Tony Blair .	The US is bolstering its military presence in the gulf , as President Clinton discussed the Iraq crisis with the one ally who has backed his threat of force , British prime minister Tony Blair .	s1:14	discussed	s2:26	threat	AFTER
The US is bolstering its military presence in the gulf , as President Clinton discussed the Iraq crisis with the one ally who has backed his threat of force , British prime minister Tony Blair .	President Clinton rolled out the red carpet for prime minister Blair , welcoming him not only as a close ally , but a close friend .	s1:14	discussed	s2:12	welcoming	INCLUDES
President Clinton rolled out the red carpet for prime minister Blair , welcoming him not only as a close ally , but a close friend .	President Clinton rolled out the red carpet for prime minister Blair , welcoming him not only as a close ally , but a close friend .	s1:2	rolled	s2:12	welcoming	SIMULTANEOUS
Nigeria state radio says thousands of people began gathering in the capital Abuja early Tuesday for the two day rally supporting General Sani Abacha 's candidacy .	Nigeria state radio says thousands of people began gathering in the capital Abuja early Tuesday for the two day rally supporting General Sani Abacha 's candidacy .	s1:19	rally	s2:20	supporting	INCLUDES
Meanwhile , as VOA West Africa Correspondent Purnell Murdock reports , General Abacha 's supporters began a two day rally in the capital , Abuja , to urge him to compete in this year 's election .	Nigeria state radio says thousands of people began gathering in the capital Abuja early Tuesday for the two day rally supporting General Sani Abacha 's candidacy .	s1:19	rally	s2:19	rally	IDENTITY
RMS International Inc. , Hasbrouk Heights , N.J. , facing a cash-flow squeeze , said it is seeking other financing sources and waivers from debenture holders .	RMS International Inc. , Hasbrouk Heights , N.J. , facing a cash-flow squeeze , said it is seeking other financing sources and waivers from debenture holders .	s1:9	facing	s2:14	said	INCLUDES
Coleco Industries Inc. , a once high-flying toy maker whose stock peaked at $ 65 a share in the early 1980s , filed a Chapter 11 reorganization plan that provides just 1.125 cents a share for common stockholders .	In addition , they will receive stock in the reorganized company , which will be named Ranger Industries Inc. .	s1:22	filed	s2:15	named	BEFORE
Under the plan , unsecured creditors , who are owed about $ 430 million , would receive about $ 92 million , or 21 cents for each dollar they are owed .	Under the plan , unsecured creditors , who are owed about $ 430 million , would receive about $ 92 million , or 21 cents for each dollar they are owed .	s1:9	owed	s2:16	receive	BEFORE
Under the plan , unsecured creditors , who are owed about $ 430 million , would receive about $ 92 million , or 21 cents for each dollar they are owed .	In addition , they will receive stock in the reorganized company , which will be named Ranger Industries Inc. .	s1:9	owed	s2:5	receive	BEFORE
In addition , they will receive stock in the reorganized company , which will be named Ranger Industries Inc. .	After these payments , about $ 225,000 will be available for the 20 million common shares outstanding .	s1:5	receive	s2:2	payments	IS_INCLUDED
Under the plan , unsecured creditors , who are owed about $ 430 million , would receive about $ 92 million , or 21 cents for each dollar they are owed .	After these payments , about $ 225,000 will be available for the 20 million common shares outstanding .	s1:16	receive	s2:2	payments	IS_INCLUDED
The Avon , Conn. , company 's stock hit a high in 1983 after it unveiled its Adam home computer , but the product was plagued with glitches and the company 's fortunes plunged .	The Avon , Conn. , company 's stock hit a high in 1983 after it unveiled its Adam home computer , but the product was plagued with glitches and the company 's fortunes plunged .	s1:8	hit	s2:15	unveiled	AFTER
The Avon , Conn. , company 's stock hit a high in 1983 after it unveiled its Adam home computer , but the product was plagued with glitches and the company 's fortunes plunged .	But Coleco bounced back with the introduction of the Cabbage Patch dolls , whose sales hit $ 600 million in 1985 .	s1:33	plunged	s2:2	bounced	BEFORE
But Coleco bounced back with the introduction of the Cabbage Patch dolls , whose sales hit $ 600 million in 1985 .	But Coleco bounced back with the introduction of the Cabbage Patch dolls , whose sales hit $ 600 million in 1985 .	s1:2	bounced	s2:6	introduction	AFTER
But Coleco bounced back with the introduction of the Cabbage Patch dolls , whose sales hit $ 600 million in 1985 .	But Coleco bounced back with the introduction of the Cabbage Patch dolls , whose sales hit $ 600 million in 1985 .	s1:6	introduction	s2:15	hit	BEFORE
The plan was filed jointly with unsecured creditors in federal bankruptcy court in New York and must be approved by the court .	The plan was filed jointly with unsecured creditors in federal bankruptcy court in New York and must be approved by the court .	s1:3	filed	s2:18	approved	BEFORE
But as the craze died , Coleco failed to come up with another winner and filed for bankruptcy-law protection in July 1988 .	The plan was filed jointly with unsecured creditors in federal bankruptcy court in New York and must be approved by the court .	s1:15	filed	s2:3	filed	IDENTITY
Kalashnikov designed the AK-47 automatic rifle , famed for its reliability and effectiveness .	Together with its derivatives , the Kalashnikov rifle has been used by the police and armies of 55 countries and an assortment of guerrillas , terrorists and just plain thugs around the globe .	s1:1	designed	s2:10	used	BEFORE
Kalashnikov designed the AK-47 automatic rifle , famed for its reliability and effectiveness .	Seventy-five million copies of the rifle have been built since it entered production in February 1947 , making it history 's most widely distributed weapon .	s1:1	designed	s2:8	built	BEFORE
Seventy-five million copies of the rifle have been built since it entered production in February 1947 , making it history 's most widely distributed weapon .	Seventy-five million copies of the rifle have been built since it entered production in February 1947 , making it history 's most widely distributed weapon .	s1:8	built	s2:11	entered	AFTER
said shareholders approved its acquisition by Royal Trustco Ltd. of Toronto for $ 27 a share , or $ 212 million .	said shareholders approved its acquisition by Royal Trustco Ltd. of Toronto for $ 27 a share , or $ 212 million .	s1:0	said	s2:2	approved	AFTER
said shareholders approved its acquisition by Royal Trustco Ltd. of Toronto for $ 27 a share , or $ 212 million .	said shareholders approved its acquisition by Royal Trustco Ltd. of Toronto for $ 27 a share , or $ 212 million .	s1:2	approved	s2:4	acquisition	AFTER
The thrift holding company said it expects to obtain regulatory approval and complete the transaction by year-end .	The thrift holding company said it expects to obtain regulatory approval and complete the transaction by year-end .	s1:12	complete	s2:14	transaction	ENDS
However , the company 's petroleum services segment , while profitable , was hurt by high financing costs associated with the company 's buy-out of a 50 % stake in Eastman Christensen Co. from Texas Eastern Corp. .	However , the company 's petroleum services segment , while profitable , was hurt by high financing costs associated with the company 's buy-out of a 50 % stake in Eastman Christensen Co. from Texas Eastern Corp. .	s1:13	hurt	s2:23	buy-out	AFTER
The company said the move recognizes its strong financial position .	The company said the move recognizes its strong financial position .	s1:4	move	s2:5	recognizes	SIMULTANEOUS
CAMBREX Corp. , Bayonne , N.J. , declared its initial quarterly of five cents a share , payable Dec. 1 to stock of record Nov. 10 .	The company said the move recognizes its strong financial position .	s1:7	declared	s2:4	move	IDENTITY
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , Cambrex shares rose 50 cents to close at $ 13 a share .	In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , Cambrex shares rose 50 cents to close at $ 13 a share .	s1:3	trading	s2:8	rose	INCLUDES
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , Cambrex shares rose 50 cents to close at $ 13 a share .	In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , Cambrex shares rose 50 cents to close at $ 13 a share .	s1:3	trading	s2:12	close	ENDED_BY
BAGHDAD , Iraq -LRB- AP -RRB- _ An American leader of a U.N. weapons inspection team resumed work in Iraq Friday , nearly two months after his team was effectively blocked .	BAGHDAD , Iraq -LRB- AP -RRB- _ An American leader of a U.N. weapons inspection team resumed work in Iraq Friday , nearly two months after his team was effectively blocked .	s1:16	resumed	s2:30	blocked	AFTER
Previously the Iraqis have resisted attempts to inspect such quarters .	Previously the Iraqis have resisted attempts to inspect such quarters .	s1:4	resisted	s2:5	attempts	IS_INCLUDED
Iraq 's Saddam Hussein , facing U.S. and Arab troops at the Saudi border , today sought peace on another front by promising to withdraw from Iranian territory and release soldiers captured during the Iran-Iraq war .	Iraq 's Saddam Hussein , facing U.S. and Arab troops at the Saudi border , today sought peace on another front by promising to withdraw from Iranian territory and release soldiers captured during the Iran-Iraq war .	s1:16	sought	s2:22	promising	SIMULTANEOUS
Iraq 's Saddam Hussein , facing U.S. and Arab troops at the Saudi border , today sought peace on another front by promising to withdraw from Iranian territory and release soldiers captured during the Iran-Iraq war .	Iraq 's Saddam Hussein , facing U.S. and Arab troops at the Saudi border , today sought peace on another front by promising to withdraw from Iranian territory and release soldiers captured during the Iran-Iraq war .	s1:31	captured	s2:35	war	IS_INCLUDED
In another mediation effort , the Soviet Union said today it had sent an envoy to the Middle East on a series of stops to include Baghdad .	In another mediation effort , the Soviet Union said today it had sent an envoy to the Middle East on a series of stops to include Baghdad .	s1:8	said	s2:12	sent	AFTER
In another mediation effort , the Soviet Union said today it had sent an envoy to the Middle East on a series of stops to include Baghdad .	In another mediation effort , the Soviet Union said today it had sent an envoy to the Middle East on a series of stops to include Baghdad .	s1:12	sent	s2:23	stops	BEFORE
In a speech delivered at the Pentagon , Bush seemed to suggest that American forces could be in the gulf region for some time .	In a speech delivered at the Pentagon , Bush seemed to suggest that American forces could be in the gulf region for some time .	s1:3	delivered	s2:9	seemed	SIMULTANEOUS
Saddam appeared to accept a border demarcation treaty he had rejected in peace talks following the August 1988 cease-fire of the eight-year war with Iran .	Saddam appeared to accept a border demarcation treaty he had rejected in peace talks following the August 1988 cease-fire of the eight-year war with Iran .	s1:18	cease-fire	s2:22	war	ENDS
The move seemed aimed at heading off more trouble with Iran , which had condemned Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait on Aug. 2 but also criticized the multinational force dispatched to Saudi Arabia .	The move seemed aimed at heading off more trouble with Iran , which had condemned Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait on Aug. 2 but also criticized the multinational force dispatched to Saudi Arabia .	s1:14	condemned	s2:17	invasion	AFTER
The move seemed aimed at heading off more trouble with Iran , which had condemned Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait on Aug. 2 but also criticized the multinational force dispatched to Saudi Arabia .	The move seemed aimed at heading off more trouble with Iran , which had condemned Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait on Aug. 2 but also criticized the multinational force dispatched to Saudi Arabia .	s1:25	criticized	s2:29	dispatched	AFTER
In other developments : The Pentagon said that Defense Secretary Dick Cheney is considering urging Bush to order a national callup of armed forces reserves for active duty because of the drain on units sending soldiers abroad .	In other developments : The Pentagon said that Defense Secretary Dick Cheney is considering urging Bush to order a national callup of armed forces reserves for active duty because of the drain on units sending soldiers abroad .	s1:6	said	s2:13	considering	BEFORE
The British Foreign Office said today conditions in Kuwait appear to be deteriorating .	The British Foreign Office said today conditions in Kuwait appear to be deteriorating .	s1:4	said	s2:9	appear	SIMULTANEOUS
With Kuwait now '' annexed , '' Iraq has control of 20 percent of the world 's oil reserves .	A steep rise in world oil prices followed the Kuwait invasion .	s1:4	annexed	s2:10	invasion	IAFTER
A steep rise in world oil prices followed the Kuwait invasion .	The U.N. Security Council on Aug. 6 ordered a global embargo on trade with Iraq as punishment for seizing Kuwait .	s1:10	invasion	s2:18	seizing	IDENTITY
Bush then sent U.S. troops and planes to Saudi Arabia , saying Iraqi troops massed nearby in Kuwait threatened Saudi Arabia and its vast oil reserves .	Bush then sent U.S. troops and planes to Saudi Arabia , saying Iraqi troops massed nearby in Kuwait threatened Saudi Arabia and its vast oil reserves .	s1:11	saying	s2:14	massed	DURING
Bush then sent U.S. troops and planes to Saudi Arabia , saying Iraqi troops massed nearby in Kuwait threatened Saudi Arabia and its vast oil reserves .	Bush then sent U.S. troops and planes to Saudi Arabia , saying Iraqi troops massed nearby in Kuwait threatened Saudi Arabia and its vast oil reserves .	s1:14	massed	s2:18	threatened	SIMULTANEOUS
The predominantly Moslem nation of Bangladesh said today its troops would join multinational forces in Saudi Arabia .	The size of the contingent was not disclosed .	s1:6	said	s2:7	disclosed	SIMULTANEOUS
King Hussein was reportedly carrying a message to Bush from Iraq 's Saddam , with whom the king met Monday .	Crown Prince Hassan , King Hussein 's brother and political adviser , was asked today about the message the king was said to be carrying .	s1:4	carrying	s2:24	carrying	IDENTITY
Iraq said it invaded Kuwait because of disputes over oil and money .	Iraq said it invaded Kuwait because of disputes over oil and money .	s1:1	said	s2:3	invaded	AFTER
Reuters Holdings PLC said Michael Reupke resigned as general manager to pursue unspecified interests , a move the news organization termed an `` amicable separation . ''	Reuters Holdings PLC said Michael Reupke resigned as general manager to pursue unspecified interests , a move the news organization termed an `` amicable separation . ''	s1:3	said	s2:6	resigned	AFTER
Reuters Holdings PLC said Michael Reupke resigned as general manager to pursue unspecified interests , a move the news organization termed an `` amicable separation . ''	No successor was named , and Mr. Reupke 's duties will be split among three other senior Reuters executives , the company said .	s1:3	said	s2:22	said	SIMULTANEOUS
No successor was named , and Mr. Reupke 's duties will be split among three other senior Reuters executives , the company said .	No successor was named , and Mr. Reupke 's duties will be split among three other senior Reuters executives , the company said .	s1:12	split	s2:22	said	AFTER
In a telephone interview , Mr. Reupke said his departure was for `` personal reasons , '' which he declined to specify .	In a telephone interview , Mr. Reupke said his departure was for `` personal reasons , '' which he declined to specify .	s1:7	said	s2:9	departure	AFTER
Reuters Holdings PLC said Michael Reupke resigned as general manager to pursue unspecified interests , a move the news organization termed an `` amicable separation . ''	In a telephone interview , Mr. Reupke said his departure was for `` personal reasons , '' which he declined to specify .	s1:6	resigned	s2:9	departure	IDENTITY
In a telephone interview , Mr. Reupke said his departure was for `` personal reasons , '' which he declined to specify .	`` There is no business reason for my departure , '' nor any disagreement over policy , he added .	s1:9	departure	s2:8	departure	IDENTITY
Acquisition said 2.2 million shares , or about 38.5 % of the shares outstanding , have been tendered under its offer .	The partners said they already hold 15 % of all shares outstanding .	s1:1	said	s2:2	said	SIMULTANEOUS
MOSCOW -LRB- AP -RRB- _ Presidents Leonid Kuchma of Ukraine and Boris Yeltsin of Russia signed an economic cooperation plan Friday , and Yeltsin claimed they resolved even more nagging problems .	The two presidents on Friday signed the plan , which calls for cooperation in the metallurgy , fuel , energy , aircraft building , missile , space and chemical industries .	s1:15	signed	s2:5	signed	IDENTITY
But while the two Slavic neighbors see themselves as natural partners , their relations since the breakup of the Soviet Union have been bedeviled by a number of disputes _ Black Sea naval bases , border problems and Ukraine 's natural gas debts .	But while the two Slavic neighbors see themselves as natural partners , their relations since the breakup of the Soviet Union have been bedeviled by a number of disputes _ Black Sea naval bases , border problems and Ukraine 's natural gas debts .	s1:16	breakup	s2:23	bedeviled	BEFORE
But while the two Slavic neighbors see themselves as natural partners , their relations since the breakup of the Soviet Union have been bedeviled by a number of disputes _ Black Sea naval bases , border problems and Ukraine 's natural gas debts .	But while the two Slavic neighbors see themselves as natural partners , their relations since the breakup of the Soviet Union have been bedeviled by a number of disputes _ Black Sea naval bases , border problems and Ukraine 's natural gas debts .	s1:23	bedeviled	s2:28	disputes	AFTER
The extremist party recently took a surprising 13 percent of the vote in elections in a depressed eastern German state , and hopes to win its first seats in the federal parliament this September .	The extremist party recently took a surprising 13 percent of the vote in elections in a depressed eastern German state , and hopes to win its first seats in the federal parliament this September .	s1:4	took	s2:13	elections	IS_INCLUDED
Valley Federal Savings amp Loan Association took an $ 89.9 million charge as it reported a third-quarter loss of $ 70.7 million , or $ 12.09 a share .	Valley Federal Savings amp Loan Association took an $ 89.9 million charge as it reported a third-quarter loss of $ 70.7 million , or $ 12.09 a share .	s1:6	took	s2:11	charge	IDENTITY
Valley Federal Savings amp Loan Association took an $ 89.9 million charge as it reported a third-quarter loss of $ 70.7 million , or $ 12.09 a share .	Valley Federal Savings amp Loan Association took an $ 89.9 million charge as it reported a third-quarter loss of $ 70.7 million , or $ 12.09 a share .	s1:6	took	s2:14	reported	SIMULTANEOUS
The bulk of the pretax charge is a $ 62 million write-off of capitalized servicing at the mobile home financing subsidiary , which the company said had been a big drain on earnings .	The company said the one-time provision would substantially eliminate all future losses at the unit .	s1:25	said	s2:2	said	SIMULTANEOUS
Control Data Corp. , which just months ago was hemorrhaging financially , thinks it will be healthy enough soon to consider repurchasing public debt .	Control Data Corp. , which just months ago was hemorrhaging financially , thinks it will be healthy enough soon to consider repurchasing public debt .	s1:9	hemorrhaging	s2:12	thinks	BEFORE
`` I 'm not saying everything is hunky-dory , but we have completed the transition , '' Robert M. Price , chairman and chief executive , said in an interview .	`` I 'm not saying everything is hunky-dory , but we have completed the transition , '' Robert M. Price , chairman and chief executive , said in an interview .	s1:26	said	s2:29	interview	IS_INCLUDED
Noting that the company is offering to buy back $ 154.2 million in senior notes paying 12 threequarter % , he said the response will help determine future debt-reduction efforts .	Noting that the company is offering to buy back $ 154.2 million in senior notes paying 12 threequarter % , he said the response will help determine future debt-reduction efforts .	s1:0	Noting	s2:21	said	IS_INCLUDED
`` We 'd like to continue to reduce debt , '' President Lawrence Perlman said .	Noting that the company is offering to buy back $ 154.2 million in senior notes paying 12 threequarter % , he said the response will help determine future debt-reduction efforts .	s1:14	said	s2:21	said	IDENTITY
The offer was automatically triggered by the recent sale of Control Data 's Imprimis disk-drive business to Seagate Technology Inc. .	The offer was automatically triggered by the recent sale of Control Data 's Imprimis disk-drive business to Seagate Technology Inc. .	s1:1	offer	s2:8	sale	AFTER
Through the first nine months , the company had a loss of $ 484 million , largely reflecting the closing of its supercomputer unit .	Through the first nine months , the company had a loss of $ 484 million , largely reflecting the closing of its supercomputer unit .	s1:8	had	s2:10	loss	IDENTITY
Sometime next year , Control Data will '' develop a new bank relationship , '' Mr. Perlman said .	Rather , Mr. Perlman said , Control Data intends to bid for the coming Minnesota lottery contract and is seeking new applications for the technology overseas , where `` there is great interest in games of skill . ''	s1:17	said	s2:4	said	IDENTITY
Rather , Mr. Perlman said , Control Data intends to bid for the coming Minnesota lottery contract and is seeking new applications for the technology overseas , where `` there is great interest in games of skill . ''	He would n't elaborate .	s1:4	said	s2:3	elaborate	BEFORE
He disclosed that before Control Data scrapped its ETA Systems Inc. supercomputer business this past spring , those costs were running at nearly 35 % of group revenue .	He disclosed that before Control Data scrapped its ETA Systems Inc. supercomputer business this past spring , those costs were running at nearly 35 % of group revenue .	s1:6	scrapped	s2:20	running	AFTER
He disclosed that before Control Data scrapped its ETA Systems Inc. supercomputer business this past spring , those costs were running at nearly 35 % of group revenue .	At the same time four of six design projects were spiked , he said .	s1:20	running	s2:10	spiked	SIMULTANEOUS
Reviewing the company 's scrape with disaster , Mr. Price conceded it had tried to do too much on its own .	Reviewing the company 's scrape with disaster , Mr. Price conceded it had tried to do too much on its own .	s1:0	Reviewing	s2:10	conceded	SIMULTANEOUS
Reviewing the company 's scrape with disaster , Mr. Price conceded it had tried to do too much on its own .	`` We 've been listed as a candidate for so long it 's not worth worrying about , '' said Mr. Price .	s1:10	conceded	s2:19	said	IDENTITY
While a few assets are still being shopped -- including the sports and entertainment ticketing portion of the company 's Ticketron unit -- Mr. Price said future restructuring would be a question of strategy .	`` We 've been listed as a candidate for so long it 's not worth worrying about , '' said Mr. Price .	s1:25	said	s2:19	said	IDENTITY
General Motors Corp. 's big defense and automotive electronics unit , GM Hughes Electronics , said net income fell 22 % in the third quarter , reflecting declining military spending and slumping GM vehicle production .	General Motors Corp. 's big defense and automotive electronics unit , GM Hughes Electronics , said net income fell 22 % in the third quarter , reflecting declining military spending and slumping GM vehicle production .	s1:18	fell	s2:34	production	AFTER
General Motors Corp. 's big defense and automotive electronics unit , GM Hughes Electronics , said net income fell 22 % in the third quarter , reflecting declining military spending and slumping GM vehicle production .	Meanwhile , net at GM 's finance arm , General Motors Acceptance Corp. , fell 3.1 % .	s1:18	fell	s2:14	fell	SIMULTANEOUS
Even excluding the charge , however , net fell 5 % .	In addition , GM 's North American vehicle production fell 8.4 % from a year ago , which hurt Delco Electronic 's earnings , a company spokesman said .	s1:8	fell	s2:9	fell	SIMULTANEOUS
In addition , GM 's North American vehicle production fell 8.4 % from a year ago , which hurt Delco Electronic 's earnings , a company spokesman said .	In addition , GM 's North American vehicle production fell 8.4 % from a year ago , which hurt Delco Electronic 's earnings , a company spokesman said .	s1:9	fell	s2:18	hurt	BEFORE
In addition , GM 's North American vehicle production fell 8.4 % from a year ago , which hurt Delco Electronic 's earnings , a company spokesman said .	That decline was reflected in revenue for the GM Hughes unit , which edged down to $ 2.58 billion from $ 2.63 billion .	s1:9	fell	s2:1	decline	IDENTITY
That decline was reflected in revenue for the GM Hughes unit , which edged down to $ 2.58 billion from $ 2.63 billion .	That decline was reflected in revenue for the GM Hughes unit , which edged down to $ 2.58 billion from $ 2.63 billion .	s1:1	decline	s2:13	edged	BEFORE
In the nine months , GM Hughes net fell 6.6 % to $ 486.6 million , or $ 1.48 a share , from $ 521 million , or $ 1.58 a share .	In the first nine months , GMAC 's earnings fell 8 % to $ 859.5 million from $ 930.2 million .	s1:8	fell	s2:9	fell	SIMULTANEOUS
In the first nine months , GMAC 's earnings fell 8 % to $ 859.5 million from $ 930.2 million .	At EDS , third-quarter profit jumped 16 % to a record $ 110.9 million , or 93 cents a share , from $ 95.9 million , or 79 cents a share .	s1:9	fell	s2:5	jumped	SIMULTANEOUS
At EDS , third-quarter profit jumped 16 % to a record $ 110.9 million , or 93 cents a share , from $ 95.9 million , or 79 cents a share .	In the nine months , EDS earned $ 315.8 million , or $ 2.62 a share , up 13 % from $ 280.7 million , or $ 2.30 a share .	s1:5	jumped	s2:6	earned	SIMULTANEOUS
